
Good Luck Charlie S01E09
Hey, Charlie! It's your big sister Teddy w i t h
the latest installment of my video diary.嘿 Charlie 我是你姐姐Teddy 我又在拍最新的
视频日记了
Teddy, turn that thing off. It's breakfast time. Teddy 把那玩意儿关了 现在正吃早饭呢

In a minute! 马上就好了
That noise you hear is our neighbor's
annoying new dog.你听到的噪音来自咱邻居新养的那条特吵的狗

Ever since she got that little rat, none of us
have gotten any sleep.自从她养了那小混球 我们一家就没睡好过觉

Teddy, I asked you to do something. Teddy 我已经告诉你要做什么了
And I asked for a minute! 我听到啦 不就一分钟嘛
Your breakfast is getting cold. 你的早餐要凉了
Well, then just put it back in the toaster ! 那就把它再放回烤箱不就行了
Sorry you had to see that. 很抱歉让你看到这一段
There is no prize in here. There's supposed to
be a prize.这里面的赠品呢 本来应该有个小赠品的
You took it out yesterday. 你昨天就把它拿出来了
I know, but I put it back in so I'd have
something to look forward to.我知道啊 可我不是又放回去了吗 这样我才能
每天都有指望呀
Bob, where are you? 老公 怎么还不出来
Can I have a minute?! 我再要一小会都不行啊
Well, hurry up! 行了 赶紧的
You're missing quality family time! 你要错过咱家的早餐黄金共聚时刻了
Gabe, stop hitting the toaster. Gabe 不许再敲烤面包机了
But it's taking forever. 可这花的时间也忒长了
I don't even remember what I put in here. 时间久到我都忘记放进去的是啥了
Okay, Charlie, I will get you your juice in just
a minute, honey.好的 Charlie 我马上给你拿果汁来
Whoa! Even Charlie's in a mood. 哇塞 连Charlie都在闹脾气
Morning. 早安
Bob, did you forget to do something? 老公 你是不是忘了做什么事啊
I'll kiss you tonight. 我今晚补亲你总行吧
No. You only shaved half your face. 我不是说这个 你刮胡子才刮了一半脸Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1页/共1 7页
Pick, pick, pick. 这样 那样 这样
Maybe this is how I like to wear it now. 也许我就喜欢这个尊容打扮呢
Well, it looks ridiculous . 得了吧 你看上去可笑极了
Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊 installment: n.安装;分期付款;部分;就职; toaster: n.烤面包器,烤箱;祝酒人;烤面
包的人; shaved: 剃;汽车擦边通过; ridiculous: adj.可笑的;荒谬的;
What if I decided just to brush half my hair? 要是我也决定只梳理一边的头发会怎样呢

I thought you already made that decision. 我以为你早就决定这样了呢
Oh, you are going down! 好极了 你是不想活了吧
Wait! Stop! Stop! Do you guys hear that? 等等 停下 停下 你们大家听到什么没
I don't hear anything. 我什么也没听到
Exactly. 正解
T h e  barking stopped. 狗狗的吠声停止了
Oh, come on! - Really? 怎么会这样 - 没搞错吧
■ ■ ■ 
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上双眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
I've been there, I've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby, 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future is bright 可是我知道你会有美好未来
Hang in there, Baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There is no maybe 不要怀疑
Eveything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Sure life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me, it comes back all around 可是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, Baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Good Luck Charlie S01E09 Up A Tree 查莉成长日记 第一季第九集
Well, at least Charlie's getting some sleep. 还好Charlie至少睡了一小会儿Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第2页/共1 7页
Why did Mrs. Dabney have to get that stupid
dog, anyway?但是Dabney太太到底为什么非要养那条蠢狗
呢
Why couldn't she get something that made
less noise...她就不能养点别的少发出点声音的东西吗

Like a fish? 比如说鱼什么的
Fish don't make any noise. 鱼根本就不出声
I wish you were a fish. 那我希望你就是条鱼
Can we all agree that thing is a pest? 我们是否可以赞成那东西是个有害的动物呢

Because as an exterminator , it is my job 因为作为灭害专家而言 我有责任
To take care of pests . 去监管任何有害生物
b a r k i n g : 狗叫(bark的现在进行时) G r a b : vt.攫取; n.攫取; gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto)
exterminator: n.根除者; (美)职业的消灭害虫者; pests: 害虫(pest的复数)
When you say "take care of," 当你说“监管”的时候
I know you actually mean kill. 我懂得你其实是在说“杀”了它们
Which I'm totally fine with, by the way. 我声明 你用这个词我完全没意见
I'll just go over to Mrs. Dabney's and demand 我要过去找Dabney太太 提出要求
She keep the dog in at night. 让她晚上把狗管好在房子里面
Or we could just try being friendly. 或者我们也可以更友善一点
Friendly? With Mrs. Dabney? 对Dabney太太友善吗
What is this, crazy idea day? 这是啥日子哦 奇思妙想节吗
Okay, look, I am serious. 听着 我说真的
How about I invite her over tonight for a cup
of coffee and I bake a pie?不如我今晚邀请她过来 到我们家喝咖啡 然后
我来烤一个派吧
I thought you wanted this to go well. 我以为你想妥善解决这件事的
Okay, we'll have Mrs. Dabney over, but I
want everybody on their best behavior,
especially you, mister.好吧 我们就去邀请Dabney太太 但我希望每个
人都要表现出最佳风度 特别是你 小先生

I don't think I have a best behavior. 我不觉得自己拥有什么最佳风度
Yeah, well, you'd better find one before
tonight.那你最好在今晚之前找一个
In her defense, Mrs. Dabney wasn't always
like this.为她说句公道话 Dabney太太并不是一直这样
的
She actually used to be kind of nice. 其实她以前蛮好相处的
When was that? 那是啥年月啦
Let's see, how old are you? 让我想想 你几岁了
All right, got my pie. 好了 派我也吃了Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第3页/共1 7页
What do you want? 你们有什么要求
We don't want anything, Mrs. Dabney. 我们什么要求也没有 Dabney太太
Yeah, we're just being neighborly . 就是 我们只是想敦行睦邻友好呀
What did he do? 他又做了什么坏事?
I didn't do anything. 我什么坏事也没做
I don't like you, Gabe. 我不喜欢你 Gabe
But I like you, Mrs. Dabney. 可我喜欢你呀 Dabney太太
In fact, I'd like to take care of you. 事实上 我很想“照顾照顾”你
O u t . 出去
Mrs. Dabney, so you have a new dog... Dabney太太 你新养了一条狗不是吗
A little chihuahua . 一只小吉娃娃
So that's what this is about. 原来这就是你们要找的茬子
It's not not what this is about. 不是这事儿还能是啥事儿啊
Dog's got a name... Hercules . 狗狗是有名字的 他叫赫拉克勒斯（大力神）

neighborly: adj.睦邻的;友好的;邻居似的; chihuahua: n.吉娃娃 (墨西哥北部的州及其首府名称);
Hercules: n.力士;大力神;武仙座;
That's funny because... 真好笑 因为啊
Hercules is like so big and strong 大力神不是要又大又壮的吗
And your dog is so... 然而你家的小狗却
Just being neighborly. 只是要睦邻友好的
Look, the thing is, Hercules has a tendency to
bark...你看啊 情况是这样的 你家的大力神好像很爱
叫唤
A lot... 叫个不停
All night long. 整晚整晚的
Right, so we were wondering if maybe you
could bring him in before bedtime.是啊 所以我们想知道 您能不能 晚上就寝前把
它放到屋子里去呢
Oh, no! Fresh air's good for dogs. 不行 新鲜空气对狗狗有益
Well, sleep is good for people. 那睡眠还有益于人类健康呢
I had that same thought 我早知道你说的这个理论了
After every one of your many babies arrived. 在贵府上的每个孩子出生后我都感受极深

We were talking about the dog. 我们现在说的是狗
Well, since we're airing our grievances ... 既然现在是在开牢骚大会
We begged her not to make that pie. 我们一直求她不要做那种派的Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第4页/共1 7页
I was gonna say that maybe there's a little
something我要说的是 也许你们可以做点什么
You can do for me. 对我进行补偿
Oh, Mrs. Dabney, we've already told you, 哦 Dabney太太 我们已经告诉过您了
We're not sending Gabe to military school. 我们是不会送Gabe去军校的
But if it's a deal-breaker, we are willing to
send him不过如果这个问题真的很严重 我们还是愿意送
他
To other places. 去别的地方的
I was talking about your oak tree out back. 我说的是你们后院那棵大橡树
There's a branch that hangs over my yard 那边已经长出老大一个分枝伸到我家院子里了

Always dropping acorns and making a big
mess.老是往下掉橡子 把我院子里弄的乱七八糟

Well, no problem. 哎呀 那没问题
Dog goes in, branch comes off. 小狗进屋 树枝砍掉
We got a deal? 我们成交不
We have a deal. 成交
Dad, that branch holds our treehouse . 老爸 那根树杈还架着我们的小树屋呢
Well, so what? You kids haven't been up
there in years.那又怎样 你们这些孩子好多年都没爬上去了

I'm confused. Is Gabe going somewhere or
not?我正迷糊着呢 到底要不要送走Gabe这小子啊

airing: n.通风; v.风干; (air的ing形式); grievances: n.抱怨,不平(grievance的复数形式);垒块;
military: adj.军事的; n.军队; a c o r n s : n.[植]橡子;橡树子(acorn的复数); treehouse: n.树上小屋(供儿
童游戏用);
You know, if that treehouse comes down, 要知道 要是顺便把树屋一起推倒
That'll be even better... More sunlight for my
vegetable garden.那就最好不过了 因为它在我的菜地花园里挡去
了很多阳光
Start eating healthier... Might even make my
g o a l尽量多吃素 也许能让我的寿命目标
Of living to be 100. 达到一百岁
Mrs. Dabney, don't you want to stay and
finish your pie?Dabney太太 你不想留下来吃完你的派吗

You have a good night, now. 祝你们晚安了
She's gone? But I didn't get my hug. 她走啦 都还没友好地拥抱我一下呢
Well, at least we'll finally be able to get some
sleep.好了 至少我们现在总算可以睡个好觉了
Too bad we have to lose our treehouse. 太可惜我们要失去自己的小树屋了Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第5页/共1 7页
We have a treehouse? 我们还有个树屋吗
Yeah. 当然啊
Teddy and I used to go up there all the time
when we were little.Teddy和我小时候总是爬上去呆着呢
Yeah, we had so much fun up there. 就是 我们那时候在上面觉得可快乐了
Are you kidding me? 你俩没说笑吧
All you two ever did up there was fight. 你们俩在上面干的事就是打架而已
That's not how I remember it. We had great
t i m e s .我记得的可不是这样 我们有过美好时光的

Yeah, I mean, except for, you know, all
those times是的 要我说 除了有几次
That you fell out the window. 你从窗子掉下去之外
Oh, I enjoyed those too. 哦 我也很享受那样的时刻的
How did I not know we had a treehouse? 我怎么不知道我们家有个树屋呢
Well, 'cause it's kind of overgrown . 呃 因为里面都有点杂草丛生了
I built it that summer we went to Hawaii. 是我在我们去夏威夷的那个夏天修起来的

You guys went to Hawaii?! 你们大家还去过夏威夷
Yeah. We used to do all kinds of fun stuff. 是啊 以前我们做过很多好玩的事的
When did that stop? 那从何时开始你们就不再寻欢作乐了
Well, how old are you? 那就看看你有多大了呗
Check it out, Charlie. 看看这个呀 小Charlie
Here's our old treehouse. 这就是我们的老树屋
Oh, look. Here's your old tea party set 快看 这是那套旧的喝茶游戏道具
And all our board games. 还有我们以前下的棋
Oh! Wait... And look at this. 呀 等等 快瞧瞧这个
These are the Chinese handcuffs 那些东西叫做中国指套
That pj always used to get stuck in. PJ小时候经常把手指卡在里面
overgrown: adj.蔓生的; v.生长过度 (overgrow的过去分词); handcuffs: n.手铐;用手铐铐住;
Uh... A little help? 喂 帮帮我好吗
Oh! Baby booboo! 哦 波波宝宝
Oh my goodness, I thought I lost her. 我的天哪 我还以为我把她弄丢了呢
It's been so many years. 都过去好多年了
And those years have not been kind. 看来她经历了苦难的年月啊
Yeah, I remember. I used to come up here 对了 我想起来了 以前我总是在这儿玩过家家

And pretend booboo was a real baby. 假装波波是个真宝宝Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第6页/共1 7页
I was a very good mother, huh? 我是个特别棒的小妈妈 不是吗
Until you left your baby in a treehouse for 10
years.直到你把你的宝宝丢在树屋里 一丢就是十年

Oh, whoa, look! 咦 看这儿
Here's something you carved into the wall. 你在这墙上刻了什么字
'"P.J. hearts P.B." Who's P.B.? PJ爱PB 谁是PB啊
Peanut butter. 花生酱呀
It was a simpler time. 那可是纯真年代啊
You know what stinks ? 你知道最糟是什么事嘛
When they premix it with the jelly . 嗯 当他们往里面加了果冻之后
No, it stinks that Charlie's never gonna get to
use this treehouse.不是啊 最糟就是小Charlie再也不能 到这个树
屋上来玩了
She'd probably love it up here. 她很可能会爱上这里的呀
Hey, kids! Come on down now! 喂 孩子们 快下来吧
P.J., we have to save this place for Charlie. PJ 我们要为Charlie挽救这个地方
Well, I wish we could, but Dad made a deal. 好吧 我也希望可以 但老爸做了个交易
Yeah well, deals are made to be broken. 那又怎样 交易就是用来打破的
R i g h t ! 说的对
The golden rule! 黄金守则啊
Hey, kids! - Hey, Dad! 喂 孩子们 - 嗯 老爸
We changed our minds. We don't want to
lose the treehouse after all.我们改变主意了 我们一点也不想失去这个小树
屋
It's too late. I already shook hands on it. 太迟了 我都已经和别人说定了
Well, can we at least talk about this? 难道我们就不能再商量一下么
Yeah, maybe take a family vote? 对啊 也许我们应该进行家庭投票表决
This isn't a democracy, guys. 家庭又不是民主政体啥的 伙计们
And by the way, even if it was, 而且就算是你想那样做
The guy with the chainsaw 手上持家伙的人
carved: adj.有雕刻的; v.雕刻 (carve的过去式和过去分词); stinks: v.令人厌恶; n.恶臭; (stink的复
数 ) ;  p r e m i x : n.预混合料;vt.预混合; jelly: n.果冻;胶状物;vi.成胶状;vt.使结冻; shook: v.摇动 n.可装配
为木箱的各个部件; adj.受到严重打击的; chainsaw: vt.肢解,用链锯割;
Always wins. 一定总是能赢的
Come on. Come on down. 够了 快下来吧
N o ! 不要
N o ? 竟敢不要
No, we're not leaving. 就是不要 我们才不会离开呢
Yeah! We're staying right here. 是的 我们要守在这里保卫它Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第7页/共1 7页
We're fighting the power! 我们要向霸权开战
Get down here now or you're grounded ! 马上给我下来 否则就关你们禁闭
You can't ground someone who's not actually
on the ground.当人家根本没有呆在地面上的时候 你是不能关
他禁闭的
Yeah! Right on, P.J. Fight the power! 对 PJ说的好 向霸权开战
You know what? 告诉你们吧 小鬼
Good luck fighting the power saw! 试试看来向大锯子开战好了
You're coming down one way or another! 无论怎样 你们总之是要乖乖下来的
No, we are not, okay? We have history on
our side!不 我们不会下去 历史上有我们学习的榜样

We are going to protest peacefully 我们将要进行“非暴力不合作运动”
L i k e  gandhi and martin luther king. 就像甘地和马丁·路德·金一样
He had a dream. 他有一个梦想
Yeah well, I got a dream too, Teddy... 是么 那我也有一个梦想 Teddy
To get some sleep! 我想睡个好觉
You're not scaring us. 你是不会吓住我们的
No! We laugh at you! 对 我们会蔑笑你的
All right, you know what? 好吧 知道不 小鬼们
I'm done messing around. I'm bringing out
the big guns.我受够这一团糟了 我要启用重型武器了
That's right... Mom! 对 就是请出你们的老妈
You go get Mom. 尽管去叫呀
Yeah, she doesn't scare us! 就是 她也吓不倒我们的
This is bad, he's getting Mom. 不妙啊 他要去请出老妈了
Lock her up. 快关上 别让她上来
Go out there and get your kids out of that
tree.快出去把你的小孩从树上叫下来
Okay, why are they always my kids when
they won't do what you want?行啊 为啥每次他们不听你的话时 就都变
成“我的”小孩啦
They're having some kind of sit-in to try and
save the treehouse.他们正在搞什么静坐抗议 想要拯救那个树屋呢

Now, I appreciate that they're taking a stand. 我是很欣赏他们立场明确的态度
grounded: adj.接地的; v.停 peacefully: adv.平静地;和平地; gandhi: n.甘地(印度政府,社会和宗教
领袖); martin: n.紫崖燕; scaring: 恐吓;惊恐; messing: n.杂乱,弄乱(mess的动名词形式);
I just don't like that it's against me! 但我不高兴的是他们是在抗议我
Would you calm down? 你能不能先冷静一下Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第8页/共1 7页
But I'm the father! 可我是父亲大人
I'm in charge around here! 我本该掌控这一切的
When you're not home. 是说当你不在家的时候
Honey, you are getting upset over nothing. 亲爱的 你根本就是无中生有瞎操心
This is Teddy and P.J. We're talking about. 我们现在谈的是Teddy和PJ这两个孩子
They can't be in the same room for five
minutes他俩都不可能在同一个房间里呆满五分钟

Without getting into a fight. 和平相处不吵吵 那是不可能的
They won't last an hour up there. 他们在上面坚持不到一个小时的啦
All right. 那好吧
But when they come down, they're getting
punished for defying m e !不过等他们下来后 一定要因为挑战我的权威而
得到惩罚
If that's okay with you. 如果您同意的话
I ' m  t i r e d . 我累了
I'm cold. 我觉得冷啊
How much longer can we keep this up? 我们还要在这里居“高”不下保持多久啊

We've been up here for 12 minutes. 我们在这上面刚呆了十二分钟而已
If I had known we were gonna protest, 要是我早知道我们要进行抗议活动的话
I would have prepared. 我会事先有所准备的
For one thing, I wouldn't have had 首先 我肯定就不会去喝那罐
That extra-large root beer. 特大号装的根汁汽水了
All right, let's just stay focused on why we're
here...好了 试着专心想着我们为什么要这样做
For Charlie. 是为了Charlie啊
That doesn't help. 那样想可没用
Charlie gets to pee whenever she wants Charlie总是想什么时候尿就什么时候尿
Which is why my idea... - Okay, please don't
tell me所以我才会想到这个 -好吧 你就不用再告诉我

About diaper-for-teens again. 那个什么“给青少年的尿不湿”创意了
Hey, Gabe. 嘿 Gabe
H e y . 嘿
So, this is the famous treehouse I never knew
about.那么 这就是我以前从不晓得的传说中的树屋啊

Want to join our sit-in? 想参加我们的静坐抗议吗Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第9页/共1 7页
It's just like when Gandhi and Billie Jean King
teamed up to stop the civil war.就好像甘地和比莉·琼·金（前著名网球选手）
他俩混双组队 为了南北战争的停战抗议
Almost every word in that sentence was
wrong.妈呀 刚才那句话的每一个单词都错得离谱

What do you say, Gabe? Are you in? 你觉得怎样 Gabe老弟 你要参加吗
I ' m  i n . 我参加
Great. - Yeah! 太好了 - 棒极了
But first, you'll need to bring us some
supplies,不过首先 你要去给我们运送一些补给来
Just the essentials . 只是一些必需品就好
defying: 反抗; essentials: n.[法]要件,概要;
Snacks , my video games, my guitar... 零食啊 我的电动游戏 还有我的吉他
Whoa, dude , this is a sit-in, 喂 公子哥 这可是静坐
Not a move-in. 不是搬家
Oh! And some peanut butter. 还要一些花生酱
Yeah, that's right, the love affair continues. 嘿 没错 我对它的爱恋可没结束呢
Well, I'll be back. 好的 我去去就来
What are you doing? 你要去干什么
I'm gonna join the sit-in. 我是要去加入静坐抗议
I have to do what's right. 我也要为真理而战
How about I take you out for ice cream
instead ?不如我带你出去吃冰激凌怎么样
I'll be in the car. 那我先去车里等
What was that crazy card game 我们以前经常玩的那个疯狂的扑克玩法
We used to play with all the eights? 叫什么来着 要用到所有的8
Crazy eights. 不就叫“疯8牌”吗
N o 不对
Where is Gabe with the snacks? Gabe怎么还没带零食上来呢
Now I'm getting hungry. 现在连我都觉得饿了
So hungry. 饿惨了
I keep thinking I smell steak cooking. 我老觉得我闻到烤牛排的香味了
Yeah, me too. 就是 我也闻到了
Really? 真的吗
Oh, hey! 哎哟喂
Don't mind me... Just making dinner for my
family...可别怪我哦 我在给全家人做晚餐呢Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1 0页/共1 7页
You know, the ones on the ground. 我说的是在地面上的家人
Yeah, okay. We know what you're doing 得了吧 我们很清楚你的意图
And it's not gonna work. 那不会管用的
Well, suit yourself. 那好 随便你们吧
But I'm making one medium rare 不过我现在正要烤一块五分熟的
The way I know someone likes. 我可知道某人最喜欢这嫩度了
I like medium rare. He's talking about me. 我最喜欢五分熟了 他在引诱我呢
Stay strong. 要坚强
Now, I'm gonna be right back. 现在我要离开一小会
I'm going inside the house 我要进屋去了
To check on my chocolate souffle . 要去看看我那巧克力蛋奶酥哦
Two can play at this game! 你那套把戏别人也会玩
Yeah, if we had a barbecue and some steaks
.说的是 除非我们也有烧烤炉和牛排啊
Catch of the day... T-Bone . 一天最重要的晚餐就要到手了 T骨牛排啊

S n a c k s : 小吃,快餐(snack的第三人称单数) dude: n.男人,小伙子; n.(Dude)人名; n.(非正式)花花公子;
instead: 代替,反而 souffle: n.吹气音;[临床]杂音; barbecue: n.烤肉;吃烤肉的野宴;vt.烧烤;烤肉;
steaks: 牛排;排;
Y e s ! 好极了
Okay. - No, no, no! 来吧 -别 别 别
You'll never get the T-Bone. Go for the filet .你肯定没办法勾住T字排骨 还是去钓肉片好了

I think I got it. I got it! I got it! 我想我钓到了 勾住啦 勾住啦
I have never loved you more than... 我从没像现在这样爱你
Idiot! 你这白痴
I think somebody overcooked their fishing
pole.我看有人把他们的鱼竿烤过头了哦
This looks more medium well. 这个看上去更像过熟了嘛
I'm so hungry! 我饿死了
And there's nothing to eat up here. 这上面一点吃的都没有
Or is there? Acorns... Acorns are food, right? 好像还是有的 橡子 橡子也是食物 对吗
F o r  squirrels . 那是松鼠的食物还差不多
How do squirrels do this. 松鼠是怎么把这玩意剥开的
Well, they're squirrels. 因为它们是松鼠
You know what? 你知道不Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1 1页/共1 7页
I can't take this anymore. I'm done. 我受够了 我要退出
Wait, no! 等等 别这样
You're just giving up? That is so like you! 你就这样放弃吗 一如你的本性
What is so like me? 什么叫我的“本性”
To be a quitter . 总是半途而废
Yeah? Well, you're bossy ! 是么 好吧 你总是很专横
I am not bossy! 我一点都不专横
And don't you ever call me that again. I forbid
you!你以后不许再那么说我 我命令你
Bossy! - Quitty! 法西斯 - 废才
Oh, real mature! 哟 你这也算成熟吗
I am more mature than you are! 我可比你成熟多了
Whatever! Oh! Okay! 随你怎么说 哇呀 够了
Okay! 够了
All right, drop the bat 行了 快把棒子放下
Or baby booboo becomes baby barbecue. 不然波波宝就要变成烤宝宝了
You wouldn't dare! 我不信你有那个胆子
T r y  m e . 那就试试啊
Give me the baby. 把娃娃给我
Give me the bat. 把棒子给我
The baby. 娃娃
The bat 棒子
PJ P.J.! 
Pull me up! Pull me up! 拉我上去 拉我上去
Oh, wait! Are you quitting ? 哦 等等 你还要退出吗
W h a t ? 啥
You know, like, 你知道的 假如说
If I pull you back in, will you keep doing the
sit-in?我要是拉你上来了 你还要不要继续静坐抗议呢

Since my alternative is a face-first dive into a
hot barbecue... Yes!既然我另一个选择是脸对着烧烤炉 直冲冲的掉
下去 那么答案是 继续
filet: n.肉片;鱼片;(猪,牛等的)里脊; overcooked: adj.煮得过久的; v.煮得过久; (overcook的过去分
词 ) ;  squirrels: 松鼠(squirrel的复数) quitter: n.轻易放弃的人;懒人; bossy: adj.专横的; n.母牛;
quitting: n.放弃,[计]退出;书面收据;
One more thing. 还有一件事
You have to drive me wherever I want to go 你必须无条件给我当司机Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1 2页/共1 7页
For the next month. 之后一整个月都要这样
Deal. 成交
Now pull me up,my face is browning . 现在快拉我上去 我的脸都要变成炭了
Okay. 好吧
Thank you for saving me. 多谢你救了我
No problem. 不客气
Although, you wouldn't have had to save me 可是啊 本来你也不用去救我的
If you didn't push me out of a treehouse! 还不是你先把我推出去的
Whoa whoa whoa! Hey hey! Stop! 哇哇哇 喂 喂 快停下
Whoa! Truce !  Truce ! 哇 休战 休战
Gosh, what is wrong with us? We're going at
it like seven-year-olds.天啊 咱俩是咋啦 我们好像还是七岁的小孩子
一样
Mom was right. 老妈说的对
We did fight up here all the time, didn't we? 在这上面我们确实一直在打架 不是吗
Yes, and nothing's changed. We're still doing
i t .对啊 而且到现在都没变 我们还在继续打呢

Is this the way it's always gonna be between
us?难道我们俩就要一直这样相处下去吗
I hope not. 我希望不是
I don't want to be sitting on the porch 我可不想以后坐在养老院的走廊上
Of our old folks' home whacking each other 还要挥舞着泡沫棒子
W i t h  foam bats. 互相打来打去
Oh, do we have to live in the same old folks'
home?哦 难道我们必须住在同一家养老院吗
P.J., if we can't come together PJ 如果我们不能同心协力
And do this one thing for Charlie, 哪怕仅仅是为小Charlie做一件事
We're never gonna come together on
anything.那我们就更不可能一起做得成其他任何事了

You're right. 你说的对
We can do this... For Charlie. 我们一定可以做成这件事的 为了
Charlie
For Charlie. 为了Charlie
So... 那么
What do you want to do now? 那你现在想干什么
I don't know. 我不知道Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1 3页/共1 7页
I wish we could hurry up and save this
treehouse真希望我们可以快点成功挽救这个小树屋

So we could get the heck out of this
treehouse.这样我们才能尽早从这鬼地方出去
They're still up in that tree. 他们还呆在那树上呢
browning: n.棕色着色剂; v.呈褐色; (brown的ing形式); Truce: n.停战; p o r c h : n.门廊;走廊;
w h a c k i n g : adj.巨大的; v.非常; v.重击 n.失败; f o a m : n.泡沫;
You said they'd be down by now. 你不是说他俩这会儿该下来了吗
Well, I thought they would be. 这个嘛 我是那样想来着
Why is there a plastic hook in my steak? 为啥我这块牛扒上有一个塑料钩子呢
Eat around it. 别吃下去就行
You know, when you think about it, 其实 仔细想想这事儿
This is actually kind of nice. I mean, Teddy
and P.J.这还挺不错的 我是说 Teddy和PJ这俩孩子

Are finally working together on something.
I'm proud of them.总算能同心合力一起做点事儿了 我很为他们自
豪
Whose side are you on, 你到底站在哪边啊
Ours or the rebels ? 我党还是叛乱分子
The rebels? 你管叫他们“叛乱分子”
Okay, you realize 得了 你应该晓得
We're not actually at war, right? 这又不是真的战争 对吧
Of course I do. 我当然知道
For that to happen, someone would have to
issue因为如果是那样的话 必须有人先发表一份

A formal declaration of war... 正式的宣战宣言
Which should almost be done printing out. 嗯 就是这会儿应该已经打印出来的那张
Bob, they're doing exactly what we taught
them to do.老公 他们正按着我们教育他们的精神去做事

They're standing up for what they believe in. 他们为了自己的信念而坚持立场
Well, you know what? Now we're going to
teach them好了 你知道不 我们现在得教他们另一套了

Don't mess with Daddy. 不要把老爹惹毛了
Gabe, go get your water balloon launcher .Gabe 去把你的充水气球弹弓拿来
Okay. 好啊
Gabe, sit. Gabe 坐下
Bob, you're taking this too far. 老公 你这样就有点过头了Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1 4页/共1 7页
No I'm not. And I gave you an order, mister. 我并没有 还有我已经给你下了命令了 先生

Gabe, stand down. Gabe 不许走
Sorry, Dad, but I'm a little more afraid of
Mom.不好意思 老爸 不过我更怕妈妈一些
Fine. I'll fight this battle myself. 好吧 我就孤军作战好了
Hey, sweetheart, you're not really afraid of
me, are you?嘿 小甜心 你不是真的怕我吧
A little. 有点儿
Good. 那很好
I'm giving you one last chance to come down! 我给你们最后一次机会让你们下来
Okay! All right! 好的 我明白了
I don't like doing this, but you've forced my
hand!我也不想诉诸武力 不过这都是你们逼的
Oh, come on! So lucky! 哦 怎么会这样 你们够走运的
You got so lucky! You know what? 你们走狗屎运了 知道不 小鬼们
rebels: n.反叛者 v.谋反 (rebel的第三人称单数形式); launcher: n.发射器;发射台;发射者;
Next one's coming right through the window! 下一发炮弹可就要直直地穿进窗子啦
Oh, yeah? Take that! 是吗 吃我一弹
What are you doing? 你怎么也上去了
Fightin' the power! 向强权开战
But we're the power. 可我们是掌权者啊
The kids are right. This treehouse is worth
s a vin g.孩子们是对的 小树屋应该被保留
What is going on over here? 这里乱糟糟的到底闹腾啥呢
You know, this really isn't a good time, Mrs.
Dabney.这可真不是聊天的好时间 Dabney太太
You'd better get a handle on that family of
yours 'Cause right now, it looks like they're
kicking your butt .你最好去好好地驾驭自己的家人 因为就目前而
看 似乎他们不把你当回事
Would you let me deal with this, please? 劳您大驾 你能让我自己处理这事儿吗 行吗

You'd better, 'cause hercules is getting kinda
lonely.最好快点 因为大力神觉得有点寂寞
I'm thinking of getting another dog. 我正考虑再多养一只狗呢
Are you threatening me? 你现在是要威胁我吗
This one's gonna be female... 再弄一只母狗来Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1 5页/共1 7页
Might even have some puppies . 他们可能还能生一窝狗宝宝呢
That's right. 这就对了
You go get them down. 你去把他们弄下来
Time to put on the big pants! 该是展现一家之主威力的时候啦
He's coming up. 他要上来啦
We have to stop him. 我们必须拦截他
Hold your fire! 不要开火
Careful, 小心
This could be a trick. 这可能是个陷阱
I come in peace. I've come to join the
resistance.我是求和来的 我要加入反抗组织
All right! Yeah! 太好了 好耶
That's right, Mrs. Dabney! 就是这样 Dabney太太
I don't care about your dog! 我不在乎你的狗呢 爱咋咋地
Oh, the big pants are on 我确实要释放威力了
And they're staying up here with my family. 但这是为了捍卫我的家人们
We did it! Yes! 胜利啦 解放啦
You can have a treehouse, Charlie. 你将拥有一个小树屋了 Charlie
For a long long time. 会度过好长好长的美好时光的
What was that? 那是什么声音
Wait, have we ever all been up here at the
same time?等一下 我们是不是所有人都爬上去然后超载了

Is everyone okay? 大家都没事吗
Yeah... - I think so. 还好 - 没问题
Whoa, look! 哇 看啊
Oh, hon! 哦 小宝贝
Was that so hard? 非要搞得那么惊天动地吗
Yeah. 有成就感嘛
Well, the treehouse is down. 好了 树屋已经倒了
butt: n.屁股; puppies: n.小狗(puppy的复数);
So, you're gonna be bringing your dog in
tonight, right?那么 你今晚就该把狗领进屋 对吧
Oh, hercules doesn't belong to me. 哎呀 大力神其实不是我的狗
I was just dogsitting for a couple of days. 我只是帮别人照看两天而已
I'm a cat person... 其实人家是爱猫族
And an excellent negotiator . 同时是一个牛逼的谈判家Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1 6页/共1 7页
Do not throw that balloon. 不要扔那个水球
We're gonna launch that balloon, mister. 我们用这个弹弓射过去 儿子
D a d ! 老爸
Well, Charlie, Dad and the boys 看呀 Charlie 老爸和你的哥哥们
Are building you a new treehouse. 正在给你造一个新的树屋呢
So someday you can go up there and play
with baby booboo,这样以后你就能爬上去和自己的波波宝宝玩了

You know, just as soon as we find her head. 你知道吧 只要我们能找到她的头就行
Right now, she's baby tennis ball. Yeah! 现在嘛 她就是一个网球头娃娃 耶
No, not as much fun. 哎呀 这可没啥乐的
Oh, and I want to recommend that you make
the treehouse哦 还有我要建议你最好给小树屋立下规定

No boys allowed... 禁止男生进入
Especially if that boy weighs as much as Dad,
because if you do let him up there, well, good
luck, Charlie.特别是如果那个男生的体重和老爸差不多 因为
要是你让他上去了 那可就惨了 好了 祝你好运
了 小Charlie
What are you doing? 你在干什么
Gabe says he's more scared of Mom than he
is of me.Gabe说他怕妈妈比怕我更多一些
So I'm going to scare him. 所以我要来吓唬吓唬他
Hey, Dad! 嘿哟 老爸
Gabe, honey, did you finish your homework? Gabe宝贝 你做完功课了吗
Ah... Mummy mom. 哎呀呀 恐怖老妈驾到
You'd got it all you don't. 你知道自己哪方面不行了吧
negotiator: n.谈判者;磋商者;交涉者; Mummy: 妈 妈
************************************************************************************************** 
 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S01E09
第1 7页/共1 7页