
Good Luck Charlie S01E10
Mom. 妈
W h a t ? 咋啦
What are you doing? 你在干什么呀
Squeezing in my cardio , working up a
sweat.流点儿汗 锻炼一下心肌功能
Okay. Well, can you sweat on P.J.'s
sandwich?那很好 您能不能把汗流到PJ的三明治上
Gotta feel the burn. 我要燃烧了
Gotta buy my lunch! 我要自己去买午餐了
Hey, honey. Honey! 嘿 亲爱的 亲爱的
W h a t ? 咋啦
I'm leaving for work. 我要去上班了
come on, Give me a kiss. 过来亲我一下让我走吧
Catch me if you can. 想亲就来抓我呀
I've kissed you enough already. 反正也亲得够多了 又不差这一次
Wow, I guess it's true: 看来这还真的是真理
Breakfast is the most disturbing meal of the
day.一日三餐中早餐最让人操心了
Wait. Whoa whoa whoa. Bob, wait. 等等 喂 喂 喂 鲍伯
I forgot to tell you something. 有件事忘了跟你讲
It's about your Uncle Mel... he called. 是你那梅尔叔叔 他之前打过电话
I don't wanna hear it. 我可不想听这个
Oh, come on! He begged me to pass on the
message.听听看嘛 他求我给你传个话来着
Thank you, and now I'm going to pass on the
message.那谢谢你 风很大 听不见
Who's Uncle Mel? 梅尔叔叔是谁啊
Somebody you'll never know. 一个你永远不会认识的人
He's your father's uncle. 他是你爸的叔叔
Okay, so you told me about Uncle Stanley 得了 你连那个古怪的斯坦利叔叔
Who knits sweaters for his cats, 给他家小猫织毛衣的事都告诉我了
But you didn't want to tell me about Uncle
Mel?却仍然不能告诉我谁是梅尔大叔吗Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1页/共1 7页
Because, Teddy , if you don't have 因为啊 泰迪 要是你对一个人的评价
Anything nice to say about someone, 没有任何一句好话时
Then don't say anything at all. 那还是对他一字不提的好
And Mel's an idiot. 再说梅尔他就是个大傻子
Okay, mom, tell me about Uncle Mel. 好了 妈妈 快跟我讲讲这个梅尔大叔
Well, he and your father had 是这样的 他跟你爸
Some kind of falling out. That's all I know. 有一段不堪回首的过去 这是我仅知道的
Isn't there some way we can find out more? 难道我们就没有办法搞清楚吗
Squeezing: n.压榨; v.挤压; adj.挤压的; c a r d i o : n.有氧运动;pref.表示心; knits: n.针织品; v.[纺]编织;
(knit的第三人称单数); sweaters: n.毛衣(sweater的复数形式); Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊
This is the first interesting thing about dad
since...这可是自从啥时候开始 有关老爸唯一的囧事呢

Well, this is the first interesting thing about
dad.好了 其实根本就是老爸这辈子唯一有趣的事儿

Honey, trust me. I've learned the hard way: 宝贝 相信我吧 我可是有过前车之鉴的
When it comes to Duncan family drama, 看到任何有关邓肯家的家庭伦理八点档
Stay out. 躲远点吧
Are there any other Surprise relatives you
want to tell me about?那咱家还有没有其他什么意外惊喜的亲戚 你想
要讲给我听的啊
N o . 没啊
N o . 真的没
■ ■ ■ 
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上双眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
I've been there, I've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby, 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future is bright 可是我知道你会有美好未来
Hang in there, Baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There is no maybe 不要怀疑
Eveything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Sure life is up and down 生活有悲有喜Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第2页/共1 7页
But trust me, it comes back all around 可是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, Baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Good Luck Charlie S01E10 Take Mel Out to
t h e  Ballgame查莉成长日记 第一季第十集
Great news, mom. I like Charlie now. 大好消息 妈妈 我现在开始喜欢小查莉啦

Well, finally. What happened? 是么 总算有这天啊 发生什么事了
We were in the park and this photographer 我们刚才在公园 遇到一个摄影师
Thought that Charlie was the cutest baby
ever.他认为咱家小查莉是他见过的最可爱的宝宝呢

He offered to pay her 100 dollars to use her
as a model.他说要付一百块请查莉当模特
Who knew? She's actually good for
something天知道 除了会吐口水和拉便便之外
relatives: n.亲属;[语]关系词(relative的复数); G r a b : vt.攫取; n.攫取; gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto)
Ballgame: n.(美)棒球运动; photographer: n.摄影师;照相师;
Besides drooling and pooping . 她还真的也有自己的强项呢
'"Walter Louper photography . 沃尔特·鲁珀摄影工作室
Specializing in dogs, cats and babies." 专门从事犬类猫类以及婴儿照相
Forget it. I'm not exploiting my baby. 没门儿 我可不会用我家宝宝去赚钱的
But we don't have a dog or a cat. 可我们又没有狗或猫
Mom, come on. 妈妈 考虑下吧
This could be a big break for Charlie. 这可能是查莉的绝佳星途的开始呀
P.J., Charlie is not getting a job before you
do.PJ 查莉不会在你之前先去赚钱养家的
Well, the photographer didn't offer to shoot
m e .我也想 可是那摄影师没有说要来给我拍照呀

Ha. You don't have to have a modeling job. 哈 你又不是非得去做模特才算有工作的
Any job will do. Come here. 什么活都能赚钱的 过来妈妈这里吧
Man, this conversation sure took an ugly turn. 哼 这种谈话最后总会变成数落我的不是
Anyway, we will not be needing this. 不管咋样 我们都用不着这张名片了
I knew we should've done it my way. 我早知道应该按着我的主张来办
What was your way? 你的主张是啥
We don't tell mom we're doing the photo
shoot,我们不要告诉老妈去拍照的事Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第3页/共1 7页
We go ahead and do it anyway and split the
money.直接去拍了然后把钱分赃了事
When did you come up with that? 你什么时候想出这主意的
At the park. 就在公园里啊
I told you when The girls' cross-country
team ran by.我是在那些女子越野队经过的时候告诉你的

Oh, yeah! 哦 想起来了
What were we talking about again? 我们当时说了些啥
Hi, Charlie. Teddy here. 嗨 小查莉 泰迪姐在这儿呢
So it turns out there's a Duncan family
mystery.看来有一个邓肯家族的神秘人浮出水面啦

Yeah, yesterday I found out we have an
Uncle Mel.是的 昨天我发现咱家有一位梅尔大叔
Does this look good on me? 我戴这个好看不
Well, only if you pull your pants over your
face, because that is a belt.这个嘛 除非你把裤子套到脸上试试 因为这根
本就是条腰带
drooling: v.流口水(drool的ing形式); pooping: v.浪冲打船尾(poop的现在分词); photography: n .
摄影;摄影术; Specializing: n.专攻; v.使专门化 (specialize的现在分词); exploiting: n.利用; v.利用;
(exploit的ing形式); modeling: n.[自]建模,造型;立体感;adj.制造模型的;
We need to go to the mall today. 我们今天得去一下商场
You don't have anything new for me to wear. 你这儿都没什么新衣物可以给我穿了
Okay, Ivy, I'm thinking about something a
little bit more important than clothes.好了 艾薇 我现在考虑的是 比衣服要重要一点
的事
Shoes? 鞋子吗
Family. 是家族啦
You're funny, T. 你真会搞笑 小泰
Okay, listen. Something went down between
my dad and his Uncle Mel听着 我爸跟他的梅尔叔叔闹不和
And I have to know what happened. 而我就必须搞清楚这中间到底发生了什么事

What is this? 这是什么
Oh, that's a credit card my dad gave me a
while ago.哦 这是之前我爸给我的信用卡
And I'm just now hearing about this? 居然到现在我才听说这件事
Well, it's for emergencies only. 好啦 那个只是为了以防万一的
Honey, I've seen your closet . 亲爱的 我检查过你的衣柜了
It is an emergency. 现在正是紧急状态Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第4页/共1 7页
Okay. Well, if you go to the rest home with
m e ,好吧 如果你陪我去养老院
I will go to the mall with you. 那我就陪你去商场
Okay, but I have to warn you: 可以 不过我要先警告你
My grandpa was in a rest home 我爷爷就在养老院
And it was depressing . He'd just sit there 那情况可碜人了 他就成天坐在那儿
And complain about how nobody ever came
to visit.抱怨为什么从来没有人去看他
Finally, I just stopped going. 最后我终于受不了 再也不去了
We have several options at Shady Hills: 我们荫园疗养院提供好几种计划可供选择

There's the one-year plan, the three-year plan
and the fi...有一年计划 三年计划 还有五
How old is your father? 令尊多大年纪了
You might want to go month to month. 那也许你可以选择按月续费的
Okay. Bye-bye. 好的 再见
Welcome to Shady Hills. How can I help
you?欢迎光临荫园疗养院 有什么可以效劳
We're here to see Mel Duncan. 我们来看望梅尔·邓肯
Have you signed in? 你们预约登记了吗
N o . 没有啊
Are you waiting for a formal invitation? 那你们是在等待一份正式邀请函吗
No, we just got here.We're happy to sign in. 没有 我们刚到这儿 很愿意先登记一下
I'd be most honored. 很荣幸 请吧
emergencies: n.紧急事件;紧急需要; c l o s e t : n.壁橱; adj.秘密的,私下的; depressing: adj.压抑的;使
人沮丧的;
Let me page Mel for you. 我给你们呼叫梅尔过来
Mel, you have a visitor! 梅尔 你有一个访客
Somebody here to see me? 居然有人来看我啊
Hi, Uncle Mel. 你好 梅尔叔公
I'm your great-niece Teddy. I'm Bob's
daughter.我是你的侄孙女泰迪 是鲍伯的女儿
You're kidding. Bob made you? 没开玩笑吧 鲍伯生得出这样漂亮的女儿
Yeah, well, my mom's pretty hot. 哦 是啊 我妈很靓的
Oh, this is my friend Ivy. 哦 这是我的朋友艾薇
Hi. My mom's hot too. 你好 我老妈也很靓
Okay. 好吧Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第5页/共1 7页
Hey, everybody, this is my niece... 喂 乡亲们 看看我的侄孙女
What did you say your name was again? 你刚才说你叫啥名字来着
Teddy ...Hedy. 我叫泰迪 哦 是海蒂
No no, Teddy. Teddy. 不不 是泰迪 泰迪
That's a weird name. 真是个奇怪的名字
Weirder than hedy? 不比海蒂奇怪吧
This is my niece Teddy 这是我的侄孙女泰迪
And... do you like music? 那么 你喜欢音乐吗
I love music. 我很爱音乐啊
Hey, everybody, my niece is gonna sing us
some songs.嘿 乡亲们 我的侄孙女要给大家唱几首歌

I  a m ? 我要唱吗
Yeah 对的
Ivy, help. 艾薇 快帮忙
Hi, everybody. 嗨 各位父老乡亲
And welcome to... 欢迎来到
The room that we're in. 来到这个我们现在呆着的房间现场
We're gonna start off with a little... 首先 我们开场先来点
Maestro ? 大师你说呢
I think I remember "Swanee River." 我觉得我还会弹弹《故乡亲人》
'"Swanee River." 那就《故乡亲人》吧
Way down upon the Swanee River far far
away...沿着斯旺尼河而下 旅程多么遥远
I don't remember the words. 我不记得歌词了
I only know the dirty ones from third grade. 自从三年级后我就没弹过正经的曲子
It's such a funny name for a river 这条河的名字真是有趣呀
And that's all I have to say, hey. 是我唯一能给的评语了 嘿嘿
Okay, that's enough of that. Let's try
something else.好了 这首唱够了 我们唱点别的吧
Any requests? 有要点歌吗
'"Swanee River." 《故乡亲人》
Oh, boy. 哎哟 天哪
It's almost ready to go. 差不多都准备好了
You've got a real cute baby there, 你们家的宝宝真是可爱
One of the best I've ever seen. 是我见过的最棒的之一
Yeah yeah, did you bring the cash? 是啊是啊 你倒是带足现金没Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第6页/共1 7页
I did, but first I need a parent to sign this
release form.我带了 但我需要一个家长在这授权书上签名

Weirder: 怪诞的 M a e s t r o : n.大师;名家;大音乐家;
No problemo. 没问题
Problemo. 问题来了
Sure. Mom is right in the kitchen. 当然了 老妈就在厨房呢
S h e  i s ? 她在吗
S h e  i s . 她在的啊
Gabe, why don't you go into the kitchen 盖比 不如你到厨房去
And have mom sign this for us? 让妈妈给我们签个名
So you're a photographer, huh? 那么您是一位专业摄影师啰
Yup. 是呀
Oh, I got a camera for my seventh birthday... 我十七岁生日的时候也得到了一个相机
Then I lost it. 后来我把它丢了
Cute story. 好感人的小故事
Well, here you go. 好了 这个给你
Your mom has very nice... Printing. 你妈妈的字体还真 不错啊
You know, before we start the session 我看 在我们开始拍摄前
I probably better go talk to her. 我最好还是亲自去和她谈一谈
Very bad idea. 相当不好的计划
And why is that? 那是为什么
Because she's in one of her moods 因为她现在情绪不佳
And now she wants more money. 她现在想要更高的价了
She does? How much? 是吗 她要价多少啊
125 dollars. 一百二十五块
W h a t ? 什么
But we agreed on 100 dollars. 可我们说好是一百块的
Walter, I've been riding this rollercoaster f o r
the past 17 years.我跟这种大起大伏的 情绪波动相处已经十七年
了
Let me handle it. 就让我来处理吧
This is a strange situation. 这次状况真古怪
The moms almost always want to meet me. 一般那些宝宝的妈妈们总是很渴望跟我见面的

This one just wants her money. 这家的妈妈只想要钱而已
Pack it up. The show's over. 收拾走人吧 表演结束了
What? What happened? 啥 怎么回事啊Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第7页/共1 7页
She wants you out. 她想要你滚蛋
You don't understand. I have a deadline to
meet.你不明白 我很赶时间的
We have to make this work. 我们必须赶紧弄完这事
Well, you might want to offer her 150 dollars. 那好 也许你可以付她一百五十块
Fine. 150 dollars, but that's it. 好吧 一百五就一百五 不过这是底线了
Let me see what I can do. 我再去说说情好了
Let's make some magic. 咱们可以开始变戏法啦
And my baby sister's name is Charlie. 我小妹妹的名字是查莉
Charlie, Teddy... 又是查理又是泰迪的
Didn't your dad know any girl names? 难道你爹连一个姑娘的名字都取不出来吗

Speaking of my dad, 说到我老爸啊
What exactly happened between you guys? 你们俩之间到底发生了什么事呢
You don't want to hear about that. 你可不会想听那种老八股的
moods: n.情绪(mood的复数); rollercoaster: n.过山车;
Actually, I do. 其实我很想听的
Well, look. We just met 你看啊 我们才刚见面
And I'd like to get to know someone 我个人比较希望先多了解一下别人
Before I start saying bad things about their
father.然后才能跟对方说他老爸的坏话
Okay. Well, let's get to know each other. 那好吧 我们就来加深彼此了解吧
Tell me about yourself. 跟我说说你自己吧
Well, I love baseball. 嗯 我热爱棒球
Hey, there's a game today. Will you take me? 对了 今天有场比赛啊 你能带我去不
Tell me other things about yourself. 跟我说说你的别的事好了
Oh, come on. I haven't been to a ballgame in
forever.哎呀 求你了 我都很久没去看过什么球赛了

I'd give anything to go to one. 我可以用任何代价跟你交换
Well, today? 你说今天就去哦
I don't know. I promised my friend... 我不知道啊 我已经答应我朋友去
yeah yeah, fine, thanks. 知道了 知道了 算了吧 谢谢
Thanks for dropping by. 多谢你顺便来我这里逛
See you in 20 years. I'll be sitting right here. 二十年后再见吧 反正我会一直坐在这里的

T. You've got to try this. 小泰 你一定要尝尝这个Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第8页/共1 7页
What is it? 这是啥
Steak and potatoes . 牛扒加土豆
They can blend anything in this place. 这地方的人能把世间万物都榨成汁
Okay, Ivy. Hey. 好吧 艾薇 听着
What would you say to a little change in
plans?你说咱们来给计划小小变动一下怎么样
Am I gonna like this change? 我会喜欢这种变动吗
It involves us getting out of here. 变动计划中包括我们赶紧离开这地方
I ' m  i n . 我加入
We're going to a ballgame. 我们要去看场球赛
I'm out. 那我退出
Fine, then stay here. 那好 那就继续留在这里
Back in. 重新加入了
Mel, come on, let's go. 梅尔 来吧 我们出发了
We're going to the ballgame. 我们要去看球赛啦
Hot dog! Sounds great, 去吃热狗 太棒了
But first we've got to get past the warden. 不过首先我们要过看护那一关
I'll handle her. 我去搞定她
Excuse me. I'd like to take Mel out for the
afternoon.劳驾 我想申请今天下午带梅尔出去转转
Are you over 18 years of age? 你满十八岁了没
N o . 没有
Is he dead? 他死了没
N o . 没啊
Request denied. 请求不予批准
Step away from the desk. 别挡在桌子前面
Thank you for your time. 谢谢您的宝贵时间
P l a n  B . B计划
Right. - Break. 很好 - 行动
I'm sorry, dude . 很抱歉 大爷
potatoes: 土豆(potato的复数) dude: n.男人,小伙子; n.(Dude)人名; n.(非正式)花花公子;
It's for a good cause. 但这是为了日行一善
We've got a roller! 有个人滑出去了
Not on my watch we don't. 在我眼皮底下绝不允许
You having a good time, Uncle Mel? 你玩得开心吗 梅尔叔公
The best. 再棒不过了Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第9页/共1 7页
Oh, this is terrific , kid. 哦 真是太精彩了 孩子
Thanks for bringing me. 谢谢你带我来
Yeah. 客气
So listen. You said when we got to the game 那你看 之前你说过只要我们来看比赛
You were going to tell me the story about...
whoo!你就会告诉我关于 喔
...What happened between you and dad. 你和我爸之间的故事
After this inning . 过了这局再说
Hot stuff coming through. 又烫又辣的 大家让让
Ivy! Ivy, what is all this? 艾薇 艾薇 你这买的都是些什么
It's your fault for giving me a credit card. 谁让你要把信用卡给我保管的
Right. The emergency credit card. 对啊 那是应急信用卡
Some of this stuff could be used in an
emergency.这些东西有的是可以应急的呀
Right, like if we run into a giant foam nose. 是哦 除非我们会掉到一个巨大的泡沫鼻子里

It looks like he's having fun. 看来他玩得很开心
yeah Such a sweet old guy. 是啊 多亲切的老人家啊
Who could possibly have a problem with
him?有谁会跟他闹不和呢
You stink! 你这臭手
Are you a ballplayer or a ballerina ? ! 你算是球手还是跳芭蕾舞的啊
You make me want to puke ! 我看到你就想吐
Su-su-superstar 超超超巨星呀
She's a star, going far 她是大明星 遥不可及
There you are, su-su-superstar 这就是你啊 超级巨星
Su-su-superstar, yeah, come on 超级明星 跳起来吧
Looks all right, ladylike , day and night 从早到晚 完美行头 贵妇装扮
Come on, su-su-superstar 来吧 超级巨星
Su-su-superstar 超级巨星啊
Grooving t h e  runway f r o m  Monday
through Sunday一周七天 环球巡演
terrific: adj.极好的;极其的,非常的;可怕的; inning: n.(棒球的)一局; f o a m : n.泡沫; ballplayer: n . 棒 球
手;参加球赛的人(尤指棒球); ballerina: n.芭蕾舞女演员,芭蕾舞女; p u k e : n.呕吐; ladylike: a d j . 如 淑
女的;娴淑高贵的; Grooving: n.[机]切槽; adj.挖槽的; runway: n.跑道;河床;滑道; M o n d a y : 星期一
Sunday: 星期日Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1 0页/共1 7页
She wrote the book, got the look, on every
magazine, love her她出书上杂志 人们疯迷她
Superstar, superstar, that's what you are 超级巨星 超级巨星 你天生就是啊
Su-su-superstar, yeah, a superstar 超超超级巨星 耶 一个超巨星呀
Yeah, a superstar, that's what you are 耶 你生来就是超巨星呀
Su-su-superstar. 超级巨星啊
Careful, cupcake ! If you slide, you might
dirty your skirt!小心点 软脚虾 滑垒的时候当心脏了你的裙子

Hey, Uncle Mel, calm down. We're winning. 嘿 梅尔叔公 冷静点 我们领先着呢
Yeah, for now, but it ain't gonna last. 是啊 暂时的 但不会维持多久
Because they stink! Like a sewer , they stink! 因为他们臭死了 就像阴沟里的垃圾
Hey, control your grandpa! He's scaring m y
kids.喂 管好你家老爷子 他把我孩子都吓着了

Hey, your kids stink. 喂 你家小孩是垃圾
Sorry. He didn't mean that. 对不起 他不是那个意思
I'm sure your kids smell awesome . 我敢肯定你家小孩闻着可香了
Okay, Uncle Mel, why don't you just sit down 好了 梅尔叔公 不如我们好好坐下来吧
And enjoy a nice, quiet hot dog? 吃根好吃又安分的热狗怎么样
I'd love a hot dog. Hey, weiner , have a
weiner!我爱吃热狗 喂 臭肠子 吃我一根香肠
N o ! 不要
Are you gonna do something about him or
should I?你到底管不管他 不然我就自己动手了
Yeah, I said I'd handle it and it would be a lot
easier without your helpful suggestions .好了 我说过我会自己处理的 只要你不多管闲
事就容易的多
Oh, well, here's a helpful suggestion: 好啊 我现在来管管闲事
Take him out of here or I take you out of
here.把他带出场 不然我就要赶你们出去了
Oh, you shouldn't have said that, 'cause now
Ivy's about to get out of her chair.哦 你会后悔说了那句话的 因为现在艾薇女王
要出动了
T, hold my ring. 小泰 拿着我的戒指
Okay, can we all just chill? 好了 我们就不能淡定些吗
Hey, losers! Get a load of this! 喂 落水狗们 好好瞧瞧这个
cupcake: n.纸托蛋糕;杯形蛋糕; sewer: n.下水道; scaring: 恐吓;惊恐; awesome: adj.令人敬畏的;
weiner: n.(美)法兰克福香肠(等于wiener); suggestions: n.民众意见箱;员工意见箱;
N o ! 不要啊
Oh no, we're on the jumbo screen. 天啊 我们上大屏幕了Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1 1页/共1 7页
Are we almost done? 我们快照完了吧
'cause if not, we're kinda getting into
overtime .因为再不结束的话 我们就要超时了
Is that a problem? 那有什么问题吗
Not for us. 不是我们说了算
But for mom. I think it's gonna cost you. 不过老妈那边不好过关 她会多算你钱的
Exactly what I was thinking, little brother. 跟我想的一样 小弟
I'm gonna run this by the boss 我要去跟老板汇报一下
Mom. What are you doing here? 老妈 你干嘛来的
I live here. 我住这里的
But you're not supposed to be back yet. 但你现在本不该回来的啊
Well, I finished everything I needed to do...
got the car washed,是啊 我提早把事情做完了 我洗好了车
Did the grocery shopping, went to the bank. 去买完杂货 又去了银行
What is that flashing coming from the living
room?客厅里的闪光是怎么回事
Oh, it's probably a fuse.You might want to
check也许只是保险丝烧了 你大概应该去检查一下

The fuse box out in the garage. 车库里的电路盒
Get out! Shut it down! 快出去 别拍了
What's going on? 出什么事
Mom's home. She's really home. 老妈在家了 她现在真的在家了
Get out! 快出去
What's going on here? 这里在搞什么鬼
P.J, you want to take that one? PJ 你想要接这招不
No, I'll take the next one. 不了 我还是接下一招好了
I can't believe you two disobeyed m e . 我不敢相信你们对我阳奉阴违
Oh, my poor little baby. 哦 我可怜的小宝贝
I love it... mom and baby. 我喜欢这画面 母女天伦
Look. Please stop. Just get out. 听着 别拍了 赶紧走吧
But you look so good together. 但你俩在一起看上去美极了
No, seriously... get out. 不 我说真的 出去
Perfect. Just like that. 很好 就像那样
Like that? 像这样吗
Y e s . 对
And how about a little of this? 那再这样偏一下头怎么样Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1 2页/共1 7页
Great. 很好
Wait. Get my better side. 等等 拍我这半边更好看
Wow. Mom, you're a natural. 哇 老妈 你真是天生做明星的料
j u m bo : adj.巨大的; n.庞然大物; overtime: n.[劳经]加班时间; adj.超时的; v.加班地; grocery: n . 食 品
杂货店;食品杂货; flashing: n.闪光;防水板;遮雨板;adj.闪烁的;闪光的; disobeyed: v.违反;不服从;
Yeah, the camera loves you. 就是 镜头感很好啊
You two are so grounded . 你们两个小子绝对是要被关禁闭了
Then the police politely asked us to leave, 之后警察很客气地把我们请出去了
At which point Uncle Mel invited them to kiss
something就在那时梅尔叔公邀请他们一起去亲吻
That had been on the jumbo screen. 因为大家当时都被大屏幕照着呢
Oh, good. All right. 呃 不错 行了
Now you know why I wanted you to stay
away from your Uncle Mel.现在你知道我为什么要叫你们离梅尔叔公远点
了吧
The guy's a maniac , especially when it
comes to baseball.那家伙是个疯子 特别是到棒球比赛场的时候

Yeah, that would've been useful information. 是啊 我记住这条了
You know what? Just go to bed. 好了 赶快去睡觉吧
I really don't want to talk about this anymore. 我真是不想再继续这个话题了
Well, there is one more thing 好吧 不过还有一件事
I should tell you about Uncle Mel. 是跟梅尔叔公有关的
Yeah? What's that? 又来 什么事啊
He's in the living room. 他就在客厅呢
W h a t ? ! 什么
You have to talk to him. 你必须和他谈谈
No, I don't. I don't. I've got nothing to say to
him.不 我不要 不要 我跟他没什么好说的
What is this all about, anyway? Why won't
anybody tell me?这中间到底有什么曲折啊 为什么没人告诉我

Because it's ancient history. 因为是陈年的历史了
All right? It's done.It's forgotten about. 行吧 都过去了 大家都快忘了
I've moved on. Now get that old fart out of
my house!我已经不介怀了 现在赶紧把那老屁虫赶出我的
房子去
Be right back. 我马上回来
So dad says welcome. 爸爸说欢迎你来
He doesn't want to talk to me, does he? 他不想跟我说话 对不对
Well, I don't want to talk to him either! 好得很 我也不想跟他说话Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1 3页/共1 7页
And you can tell him I said that. 你可以告诉他 这是我说的
I'll be right back. 去去就回
Uncle Mel says he loves you. 梅尔叔公说他爱您
Really? 真的吗
Uncle Mel said that? 梅尔大叔能说这话
Yeah, he said something like that. 对呀 他说的差不多就是这意思
grounded: adj.接地的; v.停 politely: adv.有礼貌地;客气地;委婉地;殷勤地; maniac: n.疯子,躁狂
者;adj.发狂的;狂热的;癫狂的; f a r t :n.屁,放屁;vi.放屁;
It's so long since I've been in the living room. 离我到客厅去时都过去那么久了
Well, when is he gonna leave the living room? 好吧 他到底什么时候才能离开客厅
Okay, Uncle Mel wants to sort this thing out. 够了 梅尔叔公想彻底解决这件事
Maybe you should start. 也许你应该先开口啊
I think he should start. 我觉得他才应该先让步
I'll be right back. 那我去去就回
Dad says he loves you. 老爸说他爱您
Hogwash ! 废话
And he thinks it would help if you told me
what this feud was about.而且他觉得也许应该 由你来告诉我这场宿怨的
由来
When your father was 10 years old, I was his
baseball coach.你爸十岁的时候 我是他的棒球教练
Oh. Now I get it. 喔 现在我明白了
What's that supposed to mean? 你那恍然大悟是啥意思
Well, you get a little bit too excited about
baseball.好吧 我觉得您对于棒球是有点太激动太执着了

I share my opinions! 我有话就直说
Anyway, I gave him some constructive
criticism...不管怎样 我给了他一些很有建设性的意见

You said I swung like a girl! 你说我挥杆像个娘们儿
I  w a s  sugar-coating it! You swung like a
baby girl!我那已经是好话了 其实你挥杆就像个小宝宝

Hey, we're talking. This is a start. 嘿嘿 大家开始谈话啦 这是个好的开始
You humiliated me in front sof the entire
team.你在全队面前羞辱我
I was trying to make you better. 我是想要帮你提升自己
Well, you didn't yell at any of the other kids. 那你怎么从来不对其他的孩子吼Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1 4页/共1 7页
Because I didn't care about any of the other
kids, fathead !因为我根本不关心其他的孩子啊 痴呆儿
Whoa. Did you hear that? 哇 你听到没
Before the fathead part. 在他骂你痴呆之前
He said he cared about you. 他说他其实最在乎你了
I was trying to make you tough 我想让你变得更坚强
And I guess sometimes I got a little carried
away.我猜 有时候我是太激动了
H o g w a s h : n.猪食;废话; f e u d : n.不和;争执;封地;vi.长期不和;长期争斗; constructive: adj.建设性的;
推定的;构造上的;有助益的; swung: v.摇摆(swing的过去式和过去分词); humiliated: v.屈辱 adj.羞
辱的; fathead: n.傻瓜,痴汉;愚钝者;
I'm sorry. 对不起
We have an apology. Hey, dad. 我方得到一个道歉耶 嘿 老爸看你的
Well, maybe sometimes I was a little
oversensitive ...呃 也许我有时候也确实太敏感了
And I'm sorry. 我也抱歉了
And a return apology. 人家还你一个道歉啦
Now you know what we do in this family
after we fight?现在你晓得我们家在吵架之后会做什么吗

I'm hoping eat. 我希望是大吃一顿
We hug. 我们会拥抱彼此
Hugging's for girls. 抱抱是娘们儿风气
Baby girls. 小娘们儿
That's... 那真是
I gotta tinkle . 我要去嘘嘘
Be back in 20 minutes. 大概二十分钟后回来
Right over there. 就在那边
Come here. 过来
You did good, kid. Thank you. 你做得很好 孩子 谢谢你
Yeah, well,you guys are always saying how
important family is.是吧 你们大家老是说什么 家庭有多么的重要
之类的
Yes. Yes, it is. 是啊 是啊 确实很重要
He just walked into the'? 他是不是走到储物间里面去了
I'm afraid so. 我怕是的
Hey, Mel, That's not a bathroom. 喂 梅尔 那边不是洗手间
It is now! 现在是了Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1 5页/共1 7页
Well, Charlie, here I am waiting for you and
mom, 'cause mom said I have to see this,
whatever this is.好啦 小查莉 现在我在这儿等你和妈妈呢 因为
老妈说我一定要看看这个 不管是什么
Here we come. 我们来啦
Look at you two! 哎呀 看你们两个美的
Why are you dressed like that? 你们为什么穿成这样啊
Well, we had a casting. 呃 因为我们有个角色通告
In the professional modeling business, 是专业模特事业
That's what an audition is called... 这个就叫做试镜了
A casting. 一个通告
So you're a professional model now? 那你俩现在算是专业模特了吗
Oh, don't act surprised, Teddy. 哦 别表现的太惊奇 泰迪
I think we all knew this day was coming. 我想大家都知道这一天迟早会到来的
She's a model now. 她现在是模特了
If I knew raising parents was gonna be this
hard,如果我早知道赡养父母会这么难的话
Never would've done it. 我一定会缩手不干的
But soon enough it'll be your turn 不过很快就会轮到你的责任了
So good luck, Charlie. 祝你好运啰 查莉
P.J. Duncan, here to see my parents. 我是PJ·邓肯 来探望我家老头老太太
Hey, mom! 嘿 妈妈
I'll be right with you, P.J. 我马上就好 PJ
oversensitive: adj.过分敏感的;神经过敏的; tinkle: vt.使发清脆的声响;vi.发叮当声;n.叮当声;
audition: n.听力,听觉;
I'm in the middle of class. We're really gonna
push it.我正上课到一半呢 我们正要做推力运动
We're gonna touch our toes. 这次一定要碰到脚趾
And touch your toes. 好 现在来摸脚趾头
Or your knees. 或是摸到膝盖也行
You know what? Just do the best you can. 知道吗 只要尽力而为就行了
Okay, now we're gonna squat . 好的 现在我们来做下蹲
Oh, take it down! Gotta feel the burn. 好 蹲下 感觉到燃烧了吗
Here we go. 就像这样
Oh, no! 哦 不
Bob, I'm locked again. 鲍伯 我又僵住了
Bob! 鲍伯
'"Swanee River"! 唱《故乡亲人》Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1 6页/共1 7页
Here, mom. I gotcha . 来吧 妈妈 我来扶你
Oh, thank you, P.J. 哦 谢谢你 PJ
Oh, sorry I'm late, guys. 哦 对不起我来迟了 家人们
That was a long walk in from the parking lot. 从停车场走过来还真是好长的路啊
That's what happens when you don't do the
squats .这就是不常常做下蹲的后果
squat: vi.蹲,蹲下; n.蹲坐,蜷伏; adj.蹲着的; g o t c h a : int.明白了(等于gotyou); squats: v.蹲下 n.蹲姿;
(squat的复数);
************************************************************************************************** 
 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S01E10
第1 7页/共1 7页