
Good Luck Charlie S02E13
Okay, it's all set. 好了 一切都安排妥了
Charlie, Teddy and I are going to Chicago
this weekend.这周末我带查莉和泰迪去芝加哥
To visit great aunt Nell. -What's so great
about aunt Nell?拜访下姑奶奶内尔 -内尔姑姑怎么还是个奶奶

Calling a relative great just means they're
really old.辈分里带个“奶奶”的 只能说明他们已经很老
了
Right, great dad? 没错吧 奶爸
Well, I guess I deserve that 我猜在我接受这个名号后
For quietly sitting here eating my oatmeal .是不是应该有权利在这里安静的吃我的燕麦粥
了
You guys, don't be ridiculous . 同志们 别瞎说了
She's not great because she's old, 她并不是因为老才叫奶奶的
She's great because she's rich. 她叫奶奶是因为她很有钱
And if we kiss up to her, she'll put us in the
will.如果我们能把她的马屁拍好了 我们就会进入她
的遗产继承人的行列中
Mom, I don't understand why I have to go
and the guys don't.老妈 我真搞不明白为什么非要让我去 而且男
同胞们却可以不去
Because, honey, there's a lot of cash on the
line so I'm going with the "a" team.因为 宝贝 那有一大堆钞票在等着我们去争取
所以我要和一支胜利队前往
Ha ha, you made the "a" team! 恭喜 你是胜利队的一员
And while we're gone, I want you guys to
clean out the attic .等我们走后 你们这些男同胞们去把阁楼清扫干
净
Oh, take that, "b" team! "a" team rules. 噢 听到没 衰人队 胜利队万岁
H e y ! 嘿
Yeah well, you only get to go to Chicago! 牛什么 你也就只能去芝加哥
We get to go to the attic. 我们可以去阁楼
That's not better. 咱们还不如他们呢
I know, "b" team stinks . 我知道 衰人队丢死人了
Listen up, "b" teamers , I've got something. 听好了 衰人队的同胞们 等女同胞们走后

Very important to do while the girls are gone, 我也有很重要的事情要去办Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1页/共1 7页
So you two are gonna clean out the attic by
yourselves.所以打扫阁楼这事就剩你们哥俩了
Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊 oatmeal: n.燕麦粥;燕麦片; ridiculous: adj.可笑的;荒谬的; attic: n.阁楼;顶楼;鼓
室上的隐窝; stinks: v.令人厌恶; n.恶臭; (stink的复数); teamers: 用法,发音,音标,搭配,同义词,反义词
和例句等在线英语服务。; gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto)
What are we supposed to do with all that
junk?清理出来的垃圾怎么处理
We could have a yard sale, make some
money off it.我们可以来次庭院大甩卖 从中赚一笔
No, that's stupid. 算了 馊主意
Wait a minute. That's a really good idea. 等一下 这是个金点子
P.J., I think that's the first good idea you've
ever had!PJ 我觉着这是你人生中的第一个金点子
What? No, it's not. He had the... 什么 才不是呢 他上次
Didn't you do the... 你是不是
Wow, congratulations. Well done. 哇噢 恭喜 零的突破
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
I've been there, I've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future's bright 可是我知道你会有美好将来
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There's no maybe 不要怀疑
Everything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Your life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me it comes back around 但是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, baby. 宝贝 不要放弃
Good Luck Charlie S02E13 Charlie Shakes I t
U p查莉成长日记 第二季第十三集Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第2页/共1 7页
Whoo, I can't believe I slept the entire flight. 呜 难以置信我居然睡过了整个飞行过程
Yeah, you missed Charlie's. 是啊 你错过了查莉
Two-hour rendition of "twinkle, twinkle,
little star."那长达两个小时的“一闪一闪小星星”演唱会

Ohhh, sing it again, Charlie. -No! 噢 再唱一遍 查莉 -饶了我们吧
Oh look. 噢 看啊
Aunt Nell sent a car for us. Isn't that sweet? 内尔姑姑派车来接我们了 太贴心了
That's not sweet! 一点儿也不贴心
That old bat's wasting money that could be
ours someday.那个老太婆居然浪费我们即将到手的钞票

G r a b : vt.攫取; n.攫取; S h a k e s : n.摇动; v.摇动; (shake的第三人称单数); rendition: n.译文;演奏;提
供;引渡逃奴;
You hear that, Charlie? 你听到了吗 查莉
Can you feel the love? 你能从中感受到爱吗
Hey, dad... 嘿 老爸
No no! Not now. 停 停 现在没时间
What are you watching? -Don't... aw, man. 你看什么呢 -别 呃 老天
Only the greatest show 电视史上仅有的
In the history of television: "Higgins & Zork." 也是最伟大的电视节目“希金斯与索
克”
Frank Higgins, hardboiled human Detective. 弗兰克·希金斯 一位硬汉派的人类大侦探

And his trigger-happy alien partner Zork! 和他的好战外星人搭档索克
Together the two of them go through space. 这俩人穿梭于宇宙中 并肩作战
And they fight intergalactic crime. 在银河系中 惩恶扬善
This is the important thing. 这就是老妈走后
You had to do while mom was gone? 你的当务之急
Y e s . 没错
Look, when your mom and I first got
married,听着 当我和你妈结婚后
She thought I spent a little too much time
watching the show.她认为我在看节目上花的时间有点儿多
And going to conventions . 还有出席交流会
And buying really cool costumes ! 还有买那很酷的服装
But it's not like I have a problem. 但这并不代表我有什么问题
Whoa! Can't have these two together. 哇 不能把他们俩放在一起
That is bad blood. 他俩是敌对的Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第3页/共1 7页
Yeah, you got it under control. 厉害 你对此管理得还真是井井有条
Look, I've only got 72 hours. 听好了 我只有七十二小时
To watch all 64 episodes, so what do you
guys want?来看整套的六十四集 你俩到底有何企图
And tell me in 30 seconds or less. 赶紧在三十秒之内告诉我
Uh, okay, um, the thing that we want is... 呃 好吧 事情就是我们想
24 seconds. -Take it, Gabe. 还剩二十四秒 -你来吧 盖比
We want to put prices on all the yard-sale
stuff.我们想往庭院大甩卖的商品上打上价格标签

Do we have a pricing gun? -No. 我们有标价枪吗 -没有
But if you want to see a really cool gun, 但如果你想见识见识酷到爆的标价枪
Check out Zork's. 就看看索克的
No, Zork, stop. 不要 索克 停下
hardboiled: adj.强硬的;无情的; intergalactic: adj.星系间的;银河间的; conventions: n.[法]惯例;
(convention的复数); costumes: n.[服装]服装(costume的复数形式);
Keep your cool, man. 冷静 老兄
Neptune is a by-the-book planet. 海王星只是一个循规蹈矩的行星
This is so good. 太好看了
Whoa, what is this place? 哇 这是哪啊
Why would the driver take us to a... 为什么司机要把我们带到
A tv studio? -I have no idea. 电视摄影棚 -我也不知道
But if aunt Nell's on a spending spree , we've
gotta nip this in the bud.但如果内尔姑姑这么挥霍钱财 那我们就要把这
苗头扼杀在摇篮里
Welcome to "shake it up, Chicago." 欢迎来到“舞动芝加哥”
I'm Gary Wilde and you must be the
fabulous Duncan sisters.我是加里·王尔德 而你们一定是传说中的邓肯炫
舞姐妹
Oh. -The what now? 噢 -传说中的谁
The Duncan sisters. You're performing on the
show tonight.邓肯炫舞姐妹啊 您今晚要录期节目
That's funny. You think that we're... 这下好玩了 你以为我们是
... Fabulous. He just said so. 邓肯炫舞姐妹 他刚已经说了
My sister and I are. 我和我的妹妹
So excited about performing on your show. 能上您的节目感到很激动
What are you doing? 这是唱的哪出戏
I'm thanking this wonderful man for putting
us on tv.我真的很感谢这位大好人可以让我们登台演出
Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第4页/共1 7页
And who's this little creature? -Oh, this is
Charlie.这小家伙是谁 -噢 她叫查莉
She's, um... 她是 呃
The youngest Duncan sister. 邓肯炫舞姐妹中最小的
Hi, Gary Wilde. How you doing? 嗨 我是加里·王尔德 你好啊
A little on the rude side, but okay. 有点儿无礼 但我不介意
Anyway I can't wait to see you guys do your
thing tonight.总之 我已经迫不急待的想看你们的表演了

About that, gar, what is it. 关于演出 小加 你迫不及待
You can't wait to see us do. 的想看我们演出的什么
Exactly? 说的详细点
My staff tells me your dancing is amazing. 我的工作人员说你舞技超群
Dancing? -We're dancers. 你说跳舞 -我们是很牛的舞者
We knew that. 地球人都知道
Okay. 好吧
Is there someplace I could have a word in
private.这里有什么地方可以让我私下里
With my, um... 和我的 呃
Sister? -Sure. 姐姐 说几句话吗 -没问题
Show the Duncans to their dressing rooms
and take good care of them.带邓肯炫舞姐妹去她们的化妆室 都给我伺候好
了
They are the stars of our show. 她们可是咱们节目的大明星
spree: n.狂欢; fabulous: adj.难以置信的;传说的,寓言中的;极好的;
Did you hear that? I'm a star. 你听见了吗 我是个大明星
Oh, hi, Mrs. Dabney. 噢 嗨 达布尼太太
I'm here for the yard sale. 我来是为了庭院大甩卖的
Uh, it's not till tomorrow. 呃 明天才开始销售
I know. I like to get a first shot at the good
stuff.我知道 只要有好东西 我就先下手为强
Not that I expect you people to have good
stuff.我可不希望你们这帮家伙捞到便宜
What are you looking for? 那你想买什么
Anything cat-related. 任何与猫有关系的
Cat books, Cat clocks, Cat pictures, 关于猫的书 小猫时钟 小猫图片
Cat clothes... -Yeah yeah, we got it. 小猫的衣服 -成了 成了 我们了解了
Oh! Lucky for you we have. 噢 你真幸运 我们这里有个Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第5页/共1 7页
T h i s  genuine wooden Cat bowl. 木制猫碗
What makes that a Cat bowl? 那个猫碗有啥用
A Cat could drink out of it. 小猫可以用这个喝水
Or do his business in it. 或者解内急
I knew I was wasting my time. 我就知道我会空手而归
Wait wait wait, 等等 等等 等等
I think we might have something. 我记得我们还有点什么玩意儿
Be right back. 马上回来
So how you been? 近来可好啊
Do you really care? 说得跟你很关心似的
Just trying to get through an awkward
moment.只是想试着度过这段尴尬时刻
Here we are. A Kitty Cat cookie jar. 我拿来了 一个小猫咪型饼干罐
I might be able to take it off your hands. 我比较中意这玩意儿
How much you want for it? -Make us an
offer.开个价吧 -你出多少
You first. -You first. 你开多少 -你出多少
Okay, on the count of three, just say your
amounts at the same time.好了 数到三 一起说出你们的心理价位
One, two, three. -$50. 一 二 三 -五十美元
10 cents. 十美分
Okay, all right. 好吧 没关系
Try again. This time, guys, 再试次 请大家这次
Try to be a little more realistic. 报价时 稍微贴合实际点儿
One, two, three. 一 二 三
$49. -11 cents. 四十九美元 -十一美分
This could take awhile . 看来我们有得耗了
Well, it's not as big as we're used to, 看啊 虽然不及我们平常住的房间大
But it'll do. 但还是将就住吧
Sisters? -The Duncan sisters. 还姐妹 -要说邓肯炫舞姐妹
Have you lost your mind? 你疯了吗
genuine: adj.真实的,真正的;诚恳的; awkward: adj.尴尬的;笨拙的;棘手的;不合适的; awhile: a d v . 一
会儿;片刻;
Teddy, this is my chance to be on tv. 泰迪 这是我出现在大荧幕上的绝佳机会
Mom, this is nuts. We can't do this. 老妈 这太疯狂了 咱们还是放弃吧
We have to! You know how I've always
wanted to be on tv.不能放弃 你知道我有多想出现在荧幕中吗
Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第6页/共1 7页
Remember when I tried out for that cable
show, "so you think you can yodel " ?还记着我当年参加 有线电视节目“快乐假
声”吗
Mm-hmm. And they decided you couldn't. 记得 实践证明你的假声不快乐
Look, the point is I really want to do this. 听着 问题在于我真的很想登台演出
It's my dream. 这是我的梦想
I mean, there's just one problem. 我觉着 现在只有一块绊脚石
We don't know any dance routines . 我们啥舞都不会跳
So? We'll find someone to help us. 所以呢 咱就找人帮忙呗
Yeah? Like who? 说得轻巧 找谁
Come in. -Hey, hi! 请进 -嘿 嗨
I'm Rocky and this is Cece. 我是洛琪 她是茜茜
And we like to come by and welcome our
guest stars.我们前来拜访 并欢迎下客串嘉宾
Yeah, and make sure your gift baskets have
arrived safely.没错 同时确认下你们的礼品篮是不是已经安全
的送过来了
Oooh, brownies . 噢 这有核仁巧克力饼
So you guys are the Duncan... s-sisters? 这么说来你们就是邓肯炫舞姐妹吗
That's right, we are. 没错 就是我们
And before you ask, no, we're not twins. 我知道你接下来要问什么 不是 我们不是双胞
胎
She wasn't gonna ask that. 她是不会问的
And this is Charlie, our baby sister. 这位是查莉 我们的小妹妹
Aw, Cece, look how cute she is. 看啊 茜茜 多可爱啊
Our mother believes you're never too young
to absorb the magic.我们的母亲一直坚信不论你多年轻 都能大放异
彩
Oh, mom's kind of a nut log. 噢 母亲大人有点神志不清
You've always been jealous of our mom. 你总是嫉妒我们的母亲大人
Right, we should get going. We're dancers on
the show.好了 我们该撤了 我们一会还要上台跳舞呢

So if there's anything you need, just let us
know.如果你们有什么需要 尽管和我们说
You're dancers? Actually... 原来你们是舞者 其实
Uh, there is something you could do for us. 呃 我们还真有一事相求
y o d e l : vi.用真假嗓音互换地唱; n.岳得尔歌; routines: n.常规,惯例 baskets: n.篮子 v.把…放入篮内
(basket的第三人称单数); b r o w n i e s : n.棕斑;巧克力糕饼(browny的复数);Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第7页/共1 7页
Really? Wow. 是吗 哇
No one's actually ever taken us up on our
offer before.之前还没有人这么快就回应我们的
Yeah, haven't you guys ever heard of an
empty gesture?是啊 难道你们就没听说过客套话吗
Hang on one second. 等一下
Dad, your pizza's here! 老爸 你的匹萨到了
H-h-h-hang on. I've gotta get some money. 等一下 我去拿钱
Where's the Kitty Cat cookie jar? -We sold it
to Mrs. Dabney.小猫饼干罐呢 -我们卖给达布尼太太了
What?! -Yeah, took an hour and a half, 什么 -是啊 历时一个半小时
We made 10 bucks . 挣了十块
Guys, that cookie jar is where we keep our
rainy-day money.同志们 那饼干罐里可放着我们的应急资金

There's $500 in that! 足足五百大洋
Wow, she got a really good deal. 哇 那她可赚翻了
Go get it back! How are we supposed to do
that?快给我弄回来 -怎么弄回来
You know what? Not my problem. 告诉你吧 那不是我该操心的
Right now I'm in the middle of a two-parter. 现在我暂停播放呢 播到要紧的时候啊
Where Higgins and Zork go back in time to
save pocahontas .正值希金斯和索克回去及时 准备去救波卡洪塔
斯
Thank you. 谢了
Dude , how are we gonna get the cookie jar
back?老弟 咱们怎么把饼干罐拿回来
I  w a s  sorta hoping you'd have another good
idea.我倒希望你能拿出个好主意呢
Okay. 好吧
Okay, I got it. All right. 有了 我想到了 听着
So first we find a talking Cat... 首先咱们先找只会说话的猫
And the well's run dry. 看来你的智慧全用完了
So I was thinking you girlscould give us some
input.其实我是想你们应该给我们一点
On our dance routine. -Okay, sure. 在跳舞方面的技巧什么的 -好的 没问题
Just show us some of your moves. -Yeah, sis, 就给我们看看你们的舞步行了 -对吖 大姐
Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第8页/共1 7页
Let's see what you've got. 让我们看看你懂哪门子舞步
Well, I would love to, 那个嘛 我乐意之极
But with Charlie acting up like this, 不过要抱着查莉来蹦蹦跳跳的
Yeah, just... 不说你们也懂的了
Maybe you should show us some of your
dance moves,或者说给我们欣赏一下你们的梦幻舞步之类的

b u c k s : n.雄鹿队 (英国伦敦附近的一个郡名); pocahontas: n.风中奇缘(电影名称); Dude: n.男人,小
伙子; n.(Dude)人名; n.(非正式)花花公子; sorta: adv.近似,有几分;可以说是;
That way we can fit into your show's style. 那样的话我们就能比较好的融入你们的节目风
格啦
I don't want to come in here and shake it up. 我可不想来这里把自己给搞残废咯
Ha ha. Good thing you're better dancers than
comedians .哈哈 我只能说幸好你是个舞者 不是喜剧演员
啥的
I wouldn't be too sure about that. 对此我深信不疑
Well, most of the numbers we do on "shake it
up, chicago" are hip hop.好吧 我们在 舞动芝加哥 里面大多数都是 挑嘻
哈音乐伴奏的舞蹈
You know, stuff like this. Ready? 好比如说 就像这样 准备好了吗
Hey. -What? 当时 -就是这样
Of course we know that stuff. 这玩意我们当然懂
But could you show us one more time? 不过 能给我们再表演一次嘛
Where are they? Where are they? 她们在哪呢 她们在哪呢
Hey hey, guys. What are you doing here? 嗨嗨 你们在这里做啥 小伙子们
Sorry, but he wanted to come by and meet
the Duncan sisters.不好意思 只是这家伙 想来看看邓肯炫舞姐妹

Yeah, I want their autographs . 是啊 我还想要她们的亲笔签名
Okay, so ask them. They're right here. 没问题 和她们说就好了 就在那里
Where? Behind these guys? 哪儿来着 在这群家伙后面
Um, these are the Duncan sisters. 呃 这群家伙就是邓肯炫舞姐妹
I don't think so. 我可不这么认为
But for the record, you are delicious. 不过说实在的 你太秀色可餐了 小妞
Oh, this trip just gets better and better. 呵呵 这趟旅程变得越来越有趣了
Uh, Flynn, what are you talkin'about? 呃 弗林 你在胡说些啥呢
Of course these are the Duncans. -Look, 她们是如假包换的邓肯炫舞姐妹 -看着吧

I've got people willing to pay big money for
signed pictures of the Duncan sisters.我这里有好多肯花大价钱 去买邓肯炫舞姐妹的
亲笔签名照的人呢
And they ain't them. 可惜 此邓肯非彼邓肯Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第9页/共1 7页
These are. 她们才是
I can explain that. -Oh, come on! 我能够解释 -噢 得了吧
When are you gonna just... 您老要胡闹到什么时候
Actually I'd kinda like to hear this myself. 其实 我还是愿意听您老来解释
...And when we saw how different we looked
in the pictures,当我们看到这样和我们反差极大的照片时

We said, "mr. Photographer , you are fired. 我们就说 摄影师先生 尝尝炒鱿鱼的味道吧

c o m e d i a n s : 喜剧演员(comedian的复数); autographs: n.亲笔,手稿; Photographer: n.摄影师;照
相师;
Because you did not do a good job at all!" 你压根就没把这事情给做好
Okay, that's enough dancing. Everybody,
take five.好啦 跳舞暂告一段落 大家休息五分钟
Okay, um, let me explain something about
my sister.好吧 让我来解释一下我家这位大姐
First, she's my mother. 第一 她是我母亲大人
Second, she's always had this dream of being
on tv.第二 她一直梦想着能上一回电视
And it makes her do some crazy things
sometimes.有时候正因为此而做出些疯狂的举动
I'm so sorry. We'll just grab our stuff and go. 我对你们表示深深的歉意 我们这就收拾东西走
人
I'd better go with you. -Why? 我要和你一起走 -为啥子
For protection. 我愿成为你的护花使者
A babe like you shouldn't be walking around
without some muscle.像你这样的美眉走在大街上 没有个肌肉男陪着
怎么行呢
Forget it, little dude. You got no shot. 拉倒吧 小屁孩 你还不够格呢
Yeah, like that's gonna stop him. 哼 光这样子他是不会死心的
Cece, her mom has the same dream we had. 茜茜 她的妈妈有着我们曾经有过的梦想
I mean maybe we should help her. 我们应该要帮助她
What's in it for us? -Well, nothing. 那我们有啥好处 -没好处
It's just a nice thing to do. 我们只是助人为乐
Oh! And then after. 喔 那之后
They give us money! 他们就会给我们金钱回报啦
No, Cece, we just do it out of the kindness of
our hearts.不是啦 茜茜 我们这样做是因为我们有一颗仁
慈的心
Okay, now I'm just lost. 好吧 现在我糊涂了Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1 0页/共1 7页
Look, we don't even know if they can dance.
-How bad could they be?我们都不知道他们会不会跳舞 -哪能有多糟

Come here. 小家伙过来
A five, six, seven, eight. Wait a minute. 五六七八 -等等噢
The Duncans may not be great dancers, 她们也许不是特别厉害的舞者
But they do have one thing going for them. 不过她们做一件事情应该会很成功
That people will feel sorry for them. 那样的话观众们会看不下去的
Okay, two things. 那样子啊 那就两件事情了
Whoo! -And big finish, girls. 呜呼 -来个绚丽的收场吧 姐妹们
So where's this valuable piece of art. 那个你想拿来和我的饼干罐交换的
You want to trade me for the cookie jar? 价值连城的艺术品在哪里
Here we are. Feast your eyes on this. 就在这里呢 擦亮你的眼睛吧
It's an original. -No kidding. 独一无二的哟 -这话倒是不假
It was obviously drawn by a two-year-old. 这一看就出自两岁小屁孩的手笔
I can't believe you made me come all the way
over here for this!我都不敢相信 你们把我叫过来就是用这东西糊
弄我
Wait. -Wait, look, 先等等啦 -等会等会
We just want our cookie jar back. 我们只是想要把饼干罐回来
It has deep sentimental value to us. 那对我们来说有着很深的感情
sentimental: adj.伤感的;
Too bad. 太迟了
Now it has deep sentimental value to me. 现在该到我对它有很深的感情了
You must have had quite a morning with it. 你这一个早上大概就对着这罐子过的吧
Did you find anything, perhaps, inside the
j a r ?那你在罐子里面找到啥东西没
No, but I found $500 taped to the lid. 没 不过我发现有500元用胶带粘在罐盖子那里

That was a pleasant surprise. 那可是大大的惊喜啊
And now you're going to be a good person. 那你现在愿意做回好人
And give it back, right? 把罐子给回我们么
That doesn't sound like me. 这可不像是我的风格
Please. If we don't get it back, we're in big
trouble.求求你了 要是我们不拿回来的话 就有大麻烦
的
Well, I'm not just gonna gi you the cookie jar
back.这样子啊 除非找点东西来交换
I want something in return. -Like what? 不然我是不会把罐子给回你们的 -要交换啥
Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1 1页/共1 7页
Hmm, let's see. 嗯 我想想
How about dinner and a show? 要不请我吃一顿晚饭 看一场表演
What do you mean? -Well, I mean 啥意思 -啊 我的意思就是
I want you to cook me a fancy dinner. 我想你们做一顿好吃的晚饭
And dazzle me with an entertaining show. 再给我表演一下节目 让我开心一下
Maybe something else? 还有别的选择嘛
You could give me a nice long foot massage. 你们也可以给我来一次舒服的足底按摩
Dinner and a show it is. 还是要晚餐加表演吧
All right, come on out, you guys. 好啦 别害羞啦 你们俩快出来啦
Wow, you guys look great. 哇塞 看起来还不错嘛
You have everything but glitter in your hair. 你们俩都很完美 就是头发没有打上闪光粉

Want to buy some? 要货不 货源充足啊
You guys, this is so exciting! 哎呀呀 现在姐姐我可激动了
I think that we're actually gonna pull this off. 我觉得是时候把这事情给搞定了
Or not. Guys, it's the real Duncan sisters. 也许这事要黄了 真正的邓肯炫舞姐妹来了

Oh no. -Oh yes! 噢 不 -噢 太好了
Time to make some money! 是时候赚外快了
I was so close to having my dreams come
t r u e .想当初 我离实现我的梦想仅有一步之遥
Oh, everything you worked for over the last
half hour.噢 你刚才那一个半小时所做的
t a p e d : n.录播,压胶; v.用带子捆扎; (tape的过去分词); dazzle: n.耀眼的光; entertaining: adj.令人愉
快的; v.款待 (entertain的ing形式); glitter: vi.闪光;闪烁;n.闪光;灿烂;
Is gone. 都白忙活了
We have to get rid of them. 我们得摆脱她们才行
Relax, ladies, Deuce has it all under control. 嚼绿箭 放轻松啦 小姐们 一切尽在杜斯的掌握
之中
So when he says he has it all under control, 那个 当他说这句话的时候
Should we be relieved or worried? 我们应该感到如释重负呢 还是忧心忡忡
Y e s ! 说的对
Over here, and this is your dressing room. 请这边走 这就是你们的更衣室
After you. Ladies first. 女士优先 请进请进
H e y ! 做啥子呢Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1 2页/共1 7页
As long as you have some time on your
hands...反正你们在里面也闲的无聊
Make it out to Flynn. That's a "fly" 签上你们的大名 注明是给弗林的哟
Followed by a "nn-nn"! 就是 佛 字不要单人旁 再加两个 木
Here you go, best table in the house. 请坐请坐 这是房子里最好的桌子了
And if you like it, it's for sale tomorrow. 如果你想拥有的话 明天出售哦 亲
Bon soir. For our main course this evening, 晚上好 这是我们今晚的主菜
Ze chef has prepared his own unique
creation.这是来自大厨独一无二的创意
Voila . 现在为您呈上
A hot dog? 就热狗啊
That's your idea of a dinner? 这就是你的晚餐创意
Wait till you see our idea of a show. 待会还可以看到我们的极富创意的表演哦 亲

Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. 乡亲们 晚上好呐
And thank you for that quiet, 感谢你们如此安静
B u t  passionate welcome. 但是心底里热流涌动的欢迎
Only on the jokes, hon. 开玩笑的时候再打好不 亲
So anybody here from out of town? 有人从乡下来的不
I'll just point to you. 我正要指你啊
Not laughing yet. -I think we're losing her. 一点都不好笑 -我想我们准备要失去唯一的观
众了
Time for the big number. 是时候出大招了
Yankee doodle keep it up, yankee doodle
dandy ?扬基 杜多 战斗吧 扬基 杜多 公子哥
Mind the music and the step and with the
girls?听着音乐和着脚步同姑娘
Be handy!? 跳舞
I've seen enough. 我看腻了
We did our part, so where's the cookie jar? 我们已经做到最好了 饼干罐能还给我们不

Deuce: n.平手;两点;恶运; Voila: int.(法)瞧;可不是; passionate: adj.热情的;热烈的,激昂的;易怒的;
Yankee: n.美国佬,美国人;洋基队(美国棒球队名); doodle: vi.涂鸦; n.涂鸦; dandy: adj.上等的,极好
的 n.花花公子;
Are you kidding? That wasn't worth $5, never
mind $500.你们没开玩笑吧 这表演5块钱都不值 更别说
500了
What else do you want? -Well, 那你还想我们做点啥 -这个嘛Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1 3页/共1 7页
Guess it's foot-rubbing time. 是时候按摩一下我的脚啦
Oh look, there's one for each of you. 嘿 你们一人还能分一只脚呢
Dad, are you okay? -Honestly? 老爸 你还好吧 -说实话
I ' m  a  wreck . 我都觉得自己快要崩溃了
I completely forgot about the emotional
power.我竟然完全忘记了第22集的时候
Of episode 22 where... 索克遇见了他那个半人类兄弟
Zork meets his half-human brother. 那时候 表演得太淋漓尽致了
Zork?! 索克
Are you watching "higgins & Zork," 你在看那部有史以来最好的电视剧
The greatest tv show of all time? 希金斯与索克 吗
Are you a zorkie? 你也是索克粉
Look! You are! 啊哈 你也是
I've got all 64 episodes downstairs! 我那里有全部64集呢 就在地下室
And if you want to see them, all it will cost
you is one Kitty Cat cookie jar.如果你想看完的话 把饼干罐给回我们就行了

Deal! -Is it okay with you, dad? 成交成交 -老爸 你还行不行啊
Does Zork hate venusians ? -Ahhhhh! 索克讨厌金星人不 -啊哈哈哈
Hey, everybody, and now a real treat! 嗨 大家看好喽 现在你们有眼福啦
The "shake it up, chicago" dancers with
special guests.这是 舞动芝加哥 的舞者们和特邀嘉宾一起带
来的表演
The Duncan sisters! 她们就是 邓肯炫舞姐妹
Get on your feetright now 大家都动起来
Break out 挣脱
You know I look goodin stripes 你知道我穿囚服很有型
Take my picturewith my number 快来给我和我的囚号拍张照
I tried, but thisain't the time 我已精疲力尽 真的很扫兴
I can't stand itany longer 我快撑不住了
Oooh, baby,I've got to break out 噢 宝贝 我要挣脱这束缚
Oooh, baby, I've gotto break out 噢 宝贝 我要挣脱这束缚
Jailbreak , sweet escape 越狱 一次幸福的逃脱
L e t ' s  bust the walls down 摧毁层层围墙
Jailbreak, sweet escape 越狱 一次幸福的逃脱
Get off the ground 马上行动Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1 4页/共1 7页
w r e c k : n.破坏; emotional: adj.情绪的;易激动的;感动人的; venusians: adj.金星的,太白星的;
stripes: n.条子布; v.给…加条纹 (stripe的三单形式); Jailbreak: n.越狱; b u s t : vi.破产; n.破产; adj.破
产了的;
Jails can't hold me 监狱也困不住我
In two-three-fourI'll be out the door 倒数三二一 冲出那道门
Break out! 挣脱
Got to break out,break out! 我要挣脱 挣脱
Got to break out,  tiptoe slowly 我要挣脱 轻声慢步
When they call "lights out"I'll hit the floor 狱警喊站住 我将应声倒地
Break out,got to break out 挣脱 我要挣脱
Break out, got tobreak out 挣脱 我要挣脱
Can't catch me'cause I'm cool 抓不到我 因为我不走寻常路
Can't catch me'cause I'm cool 抓不到我 因为我不走寻常路
Break out! 挣脱
Jails can't hold me 监狱也困不住我
In two-three-four,I'll be out the door 倒数三二一 我将冲出那道门
Break out,got to break out 挣脱 我要挣脱
Break out, got tobreak out 挣脱 我要挣脱
Break out! 挣脱
Oh, I gotta admit that was pretty cool. 哇塞 我不得不承认 这感觉实在太棒了
I know. They love me. 我也这么觉得 他们好喜欢我们呢
We'll be right back after this. 广告之后 马上回来
That was awesome , you guys. 你们做得很不错哟
We're available next week. 下周我们还有空
And the week after that. 下下周也是
Yeah, but not right now. 是啊 不过现在没空了
Oh goodness. We gotta go. 欧麦雷迪嘎嘎 我们得撤了
Okay, goodbye, Chicago! 好吧 芝加哥 我们有缘再见啦
Here, let's go. 走啦 小家伙
Good luck, Charlie! 祝你好运哟 小查莉
Well, Charlie, 查莉吖
Chicago was good and bad. 芝加哥之行 有好有坏
Mom finally got on tv... 妈妈终于能上一回电视了
Good. 这是好事
Aunt Nell changing her will. 妮尔阿姨把遗嘱改了
To leave all her money to pet schnauzer
mitzi...决定把她的遗产留着她的宠物 雪纳瑞狗米斯
Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1 5页/共1 7页
B a d . 这是坏事
Um, as for me, I'm just glad to be back home. 对我来说 回到家 一切都好
Where everything's normal. 这里至少一切都回归正轨了
What are you looking at? 你在看啥呢
I don't know. 我不知道
I am commander toura. 我是指挥官托拉
Not helping. 啥帮助也没啊
Well, that's just about as normal as it gets
around this house.好吧 那就把这当做是这房子里面一件平常不过
的事情吧
So good luck, Charlie. 祝你好运咯 小查莉
Jails: n.监狱;监牢;拘留所;vt.监禁;下狱; tiptoe: n.脚尖; v.用脚尖; adj.踮着脚走的; awesome: a d j . 令
人敬畏的; schnauzer: n.雪纳瑞狗(德国种刚毛犬的一种);
So did you bring me anything from Chicago? 你从芝加哥给我带回来什么啦
Oh yeah, I didn't forget about you. 啊 这个啊 我都忘记了
Wait until you see what I... -Hey! 迫不及待想看了 -嗨嗨
You got me girls? 你给我带回来俩妞
No, I got you a t-shirt! 不是 本来是一件T恤的啦
What are you guys doing in there? 你们在这里做啥呢
We really wanted to see Denver . -Yeah, it's
really nice.我们很想来看看丹佛的景色 -是啊 还真的蛮不
错的
Oh, I'm glad you liked it. -What? 嗯 我很高兴你们能喜欢 -做啥呀
No, wait! 不要嘛
Maybe I put it in my carry-on . 也许是放在我的随身箱子里
O h ! 吓死我了
Hey, babe, miss me? 想我了不 小甜心
No. -What? 别指望了 -说啥呢
Okay, if that Deuce kid comes out of my
purse,这样子的话 如果杜斯从我钱包里面钻出来

I'm gonna scream. -Well I'll just stay in here. 我就要叫出来了 -那我还是呆在里面好了

Ooh, mints ! 哟呵 还有薄荷糖呢
Denver: n.丹佛(地名,美国城市); mints: n.薄荷糖; v.铸造; (mint的三单形式);
************************************************************************************************** 
 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1 6页/共1 7页
Good Luck Charlie S02E13
第1 7页/共1 7页