
Good Luck Charlie S02E28
Hey, dad, you gonna eat your last piece of
bacon?嘿 老爸 那最后一片培根你还吃吗
Nice. 有意思
Oh, dad, by the way I'm having career day at
my school,噢 对了 老爸 学校正在开展职业日
And I was wondering if you could come. 不知道你有兴趣参加吗
Really? You want me to come in and talk
about my job?真的吗 你想让我去谈谈我的工作吗
That's fantastic. - Easy, big guy. 太好了 -大块头 别激动
You're a time filler . Nothing more, nothing
less.你只是个打酱油的 仅此而已
That's a little less fantastic. 的确不那么好了
Hey, how come I never came in and spoke to
one of your classes?嘿 我怎么没参加过你的职业日
We didn't have career day back then. 我们当年没有职业日
It's a whole new idea. 这是最近才兴起的
Really? They had career day when I was a
kid.是吗 我当年就有职业日啊
Must have skipped a generation. 肯定中间停办了一代的时间
Hey, Gabe. 嘿 盖比
Why aren't you asking me to career day this
year?为什么你不邀请我去啊
Because of what happened last year. 因为去年所发生的惨案
We see a lot of interesting things in the
emergency room.我们来看一看在急诊室发生的趣事
This is what can happen when you don't
follow the directions.这就是你在电锯上不按指示行事后
On the chainsaw . 的下场
Kids, kids, hold your reactions till the end. 孩子们 孩子们 把你们的尖叫留到最后
We've got a lot of pictures here. 我们还有很多图片要看呢
So now severed limbs are off-limits to 11-
year-olds?难道现在连断肢都对十一岁的儿童不宜吗
Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第1页/共1 6页
W h a t ? 搞什么啊
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上眼 咬口早餐
gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto) filler: n.(杂志等的)补白;装填者;装填物;充填器; chainsaw: vt.肢解,用
链锯割; severed: adj.切断的; v.断绝; limbs: n.[解剖]四肢(limb的复数);
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
I've been there, I've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future's bright 可是我知道你会有美好将来
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There's no maybe 不要怀疑
Everything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Your life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me it comes back around 但是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, baby. 宝贝 不要放弃
Good Luck Charlie S02E28 Story Time "'And
cheesy , ' the sad little pizza said,"查莉成长日记 第二季第二十八集 ”那个伤心
的小匹萨 起司说道“
'I just feel so plain.' “我感觉自己太平庸了”
And pepe, his friend the pepperoni pizza
said, 'but, cheesy, that's why kids love you.'他的好朋友腊肠匹萨 胡椒说道 “不要这么想
起司 这正是孩子们喜欢你的地方”
And cheesy felt all better. 然后起司感觉好多了
'"The end." “剧终”
Mom. 老妈
Candace, thank you so much for this story,
we really enjoyed it..坎蒂丝 你讲的故事太好了 我们很喜欢
I heard you snoring . 我听见你打呼噜了
The important thing is Charlie liked, right
Charlie?最重要的是查莉喜欢 对吧 查莉
No, mommy. 不 妈咪
She's right. It was not a good book. 她没说错 的确不是一本好书Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第2页/共1 6页
I could write a better story than that. 我都可以写个更出色的故事
I wish you would. I working in children's
Publishing我希望你没有吹牛 我在儿童出版社工作
And I am always on the look out for new
talent.而我一直致力于寻找才华横溢的人
Anyway, we'll see you guys next week. 先不说了 咱们下周见
Bye, Candace. - See ya. 再见 坎蒂丝 -再见
That gives me an idea. - Me too. 一语惊醒梦中人 -我也是
I should write a children's book! 我应该写本儿童读物
What do you know about writing? 关于写作你了解多少
G r a b : vt.攫取; n.攫取; cheesy: adj.干酪质的;下等的;漂亮的; pepperoni: n.意大利辣香肠;
snoring: v.打鼾;鼾声;正在打呼噜(snore的ing形式);
What do you know about children? 关于孩子你又了解多少
Maybe we could write a book together. 不如咱们双剑合璧
And then we could read it at next week's
story time.然后我们就可以在下周的故事时间读给大家听

And the kids will go crazy. Candace will
publish it,孩子们将爱死我们的故事 而坎蒂丝将会出版成
书
And I'll be on "good morning Denver . " 我就可以成为《早安 丹佛》里的新闻
Right now let's just focus on writing a good
story for the kids.现在就让我们把精力放在给孩子写故事上吧

You're right. You're right. It's all about the
kids.没错 没错 没错 孩子才是最重要的
Oh, great. I guess dinner's here. 噢 太好了 晚餐到了
And a happy kwikki chikki hello to you. 这里是咕唧炸鸡向您的问候
I heard that, Scott. - I'm sure that you heard,
but when I ask.我听见了 斯科特 -我知道你听见了 但当我想让
你
For a home-cooked meal, you suddenly go
deaf.做顿家常菜时 你却突然失聪了
I'm not a housewife. I work too. 我不是家庭主妇 我也有工作
Do you want me to come back later? 用不用我一会儿再来
No, then the food will be cold. 不用 不然晚餐会变凉的
Don't worry. It's already cold. 不用担心 已经凉了
Let's ask this guy. What do you think? 让我们问问这哥们 你是怎么看的
Come on, we want your opinion. 拜托了 我们需要你的观点
Who is responsible for dinner? 谁应该负责晚饭Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第3页/共1 6页
That is a tough question. I've seen my parents
have the very same argument 'cause they
both have jobs too.这个问题有点儿棘手 我父母也遇到过这个问题
因为他们也都有工作
How do they work it out? - Very loudly . 怎么解决的呢 -大吵
But at least they're communicating, 但是最后他们好好谈了谈
Which is maybe what you guys need to do. 也许你们也需要好好谈谈
But we are communicating. 我们不是正在谈吗
Are you? Are you really? 真的吗 确定一定以及肯定吗
No, we're not. 没有 我们没有
Maybe it's time to start. 不如从现在开始吧
I just want things to go back to the way they
were when we first got married.我只想回到我们刚结婚时的生活
I want that too. I'm sorry, honey. 我也是 对不起 亲爱的
Denver: n.丹佛(地名,美国城市); loudly: 大声地
I'm sorry too. 我也对不起
Well, I guess there's only one thing left to say. 好了 现在只剩下一句话了
That'll be $14.95. 一共十四块九毛五
Okay, tell me what you think of this. 好了 你听听这个怎么样
'"actress, singer, dancer, comedian ,
entertainer , nurse,"“演员 歌手 舞蹈家 喜剧演员 艺人 护
士”
Wife, mother of four, Amy Duncan now adds
author.妻子 四个崽儿的母亲 如今艾米·邓肯又将把作
者
'"To her long list of credits . " “加入到她的人生角色清单中”
What is that? 搞什么
It's my bio for the book jacket. 书皮上的个人简历
Too long? 太长了吗
'cause I could lose "wife and mother of four." 我可以省去 “妻子和四个崽儿的母亲”
Hey, I have an idea. 嘿 不如这样吧
Instead of a book jacket, let's write a book. 别管书皮了 咱先写本书吧
Okay, seems kind of backwards to me, but
okay, sure.好吧 感觉有点儿拖我后腿 不过没事 来吧

Let's just brainstorm and see what we come
up with.咱俩一起集思广益 看看怎么样
Excellent idea. 好主意
Brainstorming . 头脑风暴
Stormy brain. 风暴头脑Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第4页/共1 6页
Thinking, thoughts, ideas, words... 思考 思想 想法 话语
Mom, brainstorms are usually quiet. 老妈 头脑风暴通常很安静
Sorry. 抱歉
And remember, an idea can come from
anywhere.记住 点子可以来自任何地方
Got it! - What? 有了 -什么
Trashy . 拉拉
Trashy? 拉拉
Trashy the trash can. 垃圾桶拉拉
I was staring at the trash can and it just came
t o  m e .我刚才盯着垃圾桶 于是就想到了
Okay, trashy. 好吧 拉拉
So what's his story? 有什么故事可讲
Teddy , I can't do all the work. I came up
with trashy.泰迪 我又不能做全部工作 是我想到了拉拉

c o m e d i a n : n.喜剧演员;滑稽人物; entertainer: n.演艺人员,表演者; c r e d i t s : n.学分 v.相信; (credit的
三单形式); I n s t e a d : 代替,反而 brainstorm: n.集思广益; Brainstorming: n.集体研讨; v.集思广益以
寻找; (brainstorm的ing形式); S t o r m y : adj.暴风雨的;猛烈的;暴躁的; brainstorms: n.集思广益;
T r a s h y : adj.没用的;碎屑的;垃圾似的;无价值的; Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊
Yeah, but what's he trying to teach the kids? 好吧 那么孩子们能从中学到什么呢
Oh, okay. 噢 这个嘛
Um, well, when trashy. 这个 当拉拉
Sees someone litter, 看到了某人乱扔垃圾
He says, "enh-enh-enh-enh." 他说 “诶 诶 诶 诶”
I do that really well. I should do hjs voice for
the movie.我太有才了 我应该为其电影版配音
Hey, mom, let's think of some other ideas. 嘿 老妈 不如换个其他的想法吧
Really? 你确定吗
'cause I'm loving me some trashy. 因为我觉着我的题材还不错
Okay okay, well, maybe we should work
separately ,成了 成了 不如我们分开工作
Then get together tomorrow with some new
ideas.然后明天把各自想出的点子进行汇总
That aren't based off of the first thing you
looked at.千万不要看到什么就写什么
Fine. - Good. 好吧 -很好
Whatever. - Great. 我无所谓 -很好
诶 诶 诶 Enh-enh-enh. Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第5页/共1 6页
I can see it on a t-shirt. 我可以把它印在T恤上
Okay, dad, career day is tomorrow. 好了 老爸 明天就是职业日了
What's your plan? 你的计划如何了
My plan? - Yeah. 我的计划 -是啊
To wing it. 即兴发挥
Dad, this isn't a toast to mom on your
anniversary.老爸啊 这不是你和我妈结婚纪念日上的祝酒词

This is important. 这很重要
Now you can't just get up there and talk
aboutour job.你不能站起来就讲你的工作
You gotta put on a show. 你必须表演个节目
This is all about the sizzle , not the steak. 你要赢得的是欢呼声 而不是牛排
I get it. 明白了
You want me to bring in a couple of critters
that I caught,你想让我带去几只小动物过去
Like a rat or a possum . 比如老鼠 负鼠
Is there any chance you could catch
something exciting,你能抓到更牛的动物吗
Like an alligator or a lion. 比如短吻鳄啊 狮子啊
O r  a  polar bear? Yeah. 或者北极熊 这个好
Well, those might be tough since career day
is tomorrow.这个嘛 鉴于明天就是职业日了 可能有些困难

separately: adv.分别地;分离地;个别地; sizzle: vi.发嘶嘶声; n.嘶嘶声; critters: n.生物;小动物(critter
的复数形式); possum: n.负鼠(等于opossum);vi.装傻; alligator: n.短吻鳄 adj.鳄鱼般的; p o l a r : 极
地 的
And we live in Denver. 况且我们住在丹佛
All right, dad, whatever you do, 好了 老爸 不管你怎么做
Just don't embarrass m e . 别给我丢脸就成
That means shirt tucked in and your most
dependable belt.指的就是把衣服塞到裤子里 再换上一条最结实
的皮带
Hey, that's not gonna happen again. 嘿 那种事情不会再发生了
Man, you ruin one little league game... 天啊 我还真给孩子留下阴影了
Hi again. 又是我
Ooh, something smells good. 噢 什么东西这么好闻
I'm making pork chops . - Then why'd you
order chicken?我在做排骨 -那你为什么还订炸鸡Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第6页/共1 6页
Actually, we were hoping you could help us
with another problem.其实 我们希望你可以帮我们解决另一个问题

Oh, well, come on out. 噢 好吧 出来吧
Have a seat, make yourselves at home. 请坐 不要拘束
Talk to me. 和我说说吧
The thing is Christine's mother wants to come
and stay with us.情况就是 克里斯汀的母亲想搬来和我们一起住

For two weeks. 住两个星期
I wanted to ask her to come for less time, 我本来想让她少住几天
But... 但是
But what? 但是什么
Come on, tell the chicken guy. 别害怕 告诉炸鸡兄
But I'm afraid of her. There, I said it. - Yeah,
but just because...我怕她 好了 我说了 -没错 但因为
Hold on. We're working with Christine now. 别急 我们先帮助克里斯汀
Now, Christine, how did that make you feel? 现在 克里斯汀 给你感受如何
Well, it makes me feel sad, and I want
Scott...我感觉 很难过 而且我希望斯科特
Scott, feedback. - I feel that I'd like to help
Christine,斯科特 你说吧 -我感觉我想帮克里斯汀
So she wouldn't be so sad.- How can you
help?让她不再伤心 -你怎么帮
Well... but you asked me. 那个 但你问我
Don't question my process. 别质疑我的方法
I'll tell you how you can help. Date night. 我来告诉你怎么帮 去约会
embarrass: vt.使局促不安;使困窘;阻碍; t u c k e d : vt.盘 (tuck的过去分词); dependable: adj.可靠的,
可信赖的;可信任的; ruin: n.废墟; p o r k : n.猪肉;vt.与女子性交; c h o p s : n.排骨; (chop的第三人称单数
形式);
Date night. - Yeah, make sure you guys
schedule some alone time.约会 -没错 当你的母亲来这里住时
While your mother's here. 去享受下二人世界
Your needs are important too. 你们的需求也很重要啊
Date night. That's a great idea. - Yeah. Thank
you so much.去约会 真是个好主意 -是啊 太谢谢你了
Hey, it's what I do. 嘿 这是我应该的
Now let's take a look at those pork chops. 现在让我们去看看排骨怎么样了
Now before we share our book ideas, 现在在我们分享点子之前
Let's remember to be kind. 请记住要友善Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第7页/共1 6页
That's right. There are no bad ideas. 没错 点子全是好点子
I'll go first. 我先来
Ba-bam! 请看
Hey, trashy's back. 嘿 拉拉卷土重来了
I know. 可不是吗
Try as I might, I could not top him. 我费尽脑汁 但就是无法超越这个金点子
Can I share one of my ideas now? 现在能说说我的点子吗
Y-yeah, of course. Go ahead. 好 当然可以 来吧
Okay. 好的
So my idea is a story. 我的点子是一个故事
About a little tin can and his name is... 关于一个罐头 名叫
'"Tim can." “蒂姆罐”
So the story begins with Tim on the shelf at
the store.故事的开始是蒂姆在商店的货架上
Then he goes on some amazing adventures. 然后他经历了一系列的冒险之旅
That teach kids all about recycling . What do
you think?可以教给孩子们循环利用 你觉得怎么样
I think I was wrong. 我觉得我之前说错了
There are bad ideas. 这里不全是好点子
Honey, don't get too down on yourself. 闺女啊 请不要自责
I set the bar pretty high with trashy. 我把拉拉这个标准设的有点高
Are you kidding? You just... you pointed at a
trash can.你没开玩笑吧 你只是 你指着一个垃圾箱

And gave it a stupid name. I could do that. 然后就起了个破名字 我也可以啊
Let's write a story about tabley or blendery. 不如写个故事是关于桌子桌桌或者搅拌器搅搅

Blendery? Okay, that's just silly. 搅拌器搅搅 成了 这个太没水平了
What would a blender say? "chop chop
chop"?搅拌器能说啥呢 “搅 搅 搅” 吗
Even I can't make that work. 连我都不能在上面做文章
You know what doesn't work? This. 知道还有什么做不了文章吗 这个
You know what you are... jealous. 你知道你这是什么吗 羡慕嫉妒恨
recycling: n.(资源,垃圾的)回收利用; v.回收; (recycle的现在分词); blender: n.(美)搅拌机;掺和者;混
合物;
Yes, I am, 是啊 被你说中了
Of people that don't have to work with you. 羡慕嫉妒恨那些不用和你一起工作的人们
Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第8页/共1 6页
Then fine. Don't work with me. 那好吧 那就别和我一起工作
I'll write "trashy" by myself. 我自己写我的“拉拉”
Okay, well, I'll write "tim can" by myself, 好啊 那我也自己写我的“蒂姆罐”
Then next week at story time, we'll let the
kids decide which one's best.到下周的故事时间 让孩子们来决定谁的故事最
好
Oh yeah yeah. They'll decide... To feed your
book to trashy!没错 没错 他们会决定把你的书扔进垃圾桶

When mommy finishes reading her book at
story time,当妈咪我的故事时间读完书后
I want you to jump up and yell, "yay, trashy!" 你要跳起来大叫“耶 拉拉”
Can you do that for me? - Yay, trashy! 你可以办到吗 -耶 拉拉
耶 Y a y ! 
What are you doing? - Nothing. 你搞什么呢 -没什么
You're coaching Charlie. Mom, that's
cheating.你这是在买通查莉 你这是在作弊
I am her mother. 我是她妈
It is my job to tell her what stuff to like. 教会她应该喜欢什么东西是我的责任
Okay, so trashy's the right stuff? 是吗 那拉拉是好东西吗
诶 诶 诶 Enh-enh-enh. 
Even though you're mocking m e , 即使你在嘲笑我
It still works. 也掩盖不了光芒
Okay, Charlie, now repeat after me, "Tim
can, I love Tim can."好了 查莉 重复我说的 “蒂姆罐 我爱蒂姆
罐”
Yay, trashy! 耶 拉拉
Gahhh! 可恶
Guys, what are you doing here? 你们 你们怎么来了
This is my mother Elaine. - We need you. 这位是我妈妈伊莱恩 -我们需要你
We tried ordering chicken, 我们曾订过炸鸡
But they said you weren't working today. 但他们说你今天休息
Well, I guess I could fit you in. 那好吧 那我就帮帮你们
Have a seat. 请坐
Okay, talk to me. 好了 和我说说吧
I didn't come halfway across this country. 我大老远的穿越整个国家
So these two could go out on a date night. 结果这两个人去约会了
Then feel free to go back. 不爽你就走啊
Scott, that is my mother. 斯科特 这是我妈Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第9页/共1 6页
Okay okay, I see what's going on here. 好了 好了 我了解事情的来龙去脉了
finishes: 完成,结束(finish的第三人称单数) coaching: n.辅导;教练技术;v.指导(coach的ing形式);
mocking: adj.嘲弄的;v.嘲笑(mock的现在分词);
You guys are talking at each other, not with
each other.你们两个在说着对方 但不是和对方说
Now you talk to me, and I'll talk to him. 现在你和我说 我再和他说
And he'll talk to me and I'll talk to her. 你再和我说 我再和她说
She'll talk to me, and I'll talk to you. 她再和我说 我再和你说
That's you to me, me to him, him to me, 也就是你对我 我对他 他对我
Me to her, her to me, me to you. 我对她 她对我 我对你
It's just that simple. 就这么简单
It's kind of hard to take you seriously without
the hat.看来你没戴那顶帽子 谈话效果骤减啊
Oh, sorry. 噢 我的错
Let's get to work. 回归正题吧
I was just afraid of losing you. 我好怕失去你啊
You'll never lose me. 你不会失去我的
And you can stay here as long as you like,
mom.你愿意待多长时间就待多长时间 妈妈
What's going on in here? 这里是什么情况
Healing. What's going on in here is healing. 治愈心灵 你所看到的一切就是心灵的治愈

Thank you, Mr. Turtlebaum. Oh. 谢谢 特透鲍姆先生 噢
Of "turtlebaum & turtlebaum accounting : “双特透鲍姆会计师事务所
A professional corporation." 一个专业的公司”
Right. Now let's give a warm room six
welcome.好了 现在用温暖六号房的掌声欢迎
To my dad, Bob Duncan. 我的爸爸 鲍伯·邓肯
Hey. - Dazzle m e . 嘿 -为我争光
Hey, everybody, I am Bob Duncan of Bob's
bugs be gone.嘿 大家好 我是鲍伯·邓肯 鲍伯到 害虫跑

And I am here today. 我今天来到这里
To talk to you. 是给你们说说
About the fine art of pest control. 害虫防治的艺术
Yes. Now in my typical day, 好了 在我的日常生活中
I come across all sorts of insects... 我见过各种昆虫
A n t s ,  roaches , mice. 蚂蚁 蟑螂 老鼠Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第1 0页/共1 6页
'"wait, Mr. Duncan," you say, "mice aren't
insects. They are..."你们应该说 “等一下 邓肯先生” “老鼠不是
昆虫 它们是”
Anybody? 有人知道吗
That's right. They are rodents . 说对了 它们是啮齿动物
Not here to learn. 我们不是来学习的
Anyway, I've brought along some animals. 总之 我带来了一些动物
accounting: n.会计,会计学; v.解释 Dazzle: n.耀眼的光; r o a c h e s : n.蟑螂(roach的复数); r o d e n t s : n .
啮齿动物,啮齿类;
That, although I've never seen them on the
job,这些动物 虽然是我在工作中无法遇到的
I could quite possibly catch. 我也许可以将它们抓住
If we were living in a different climate. 如果我们生活在其他气候带中
On a different continent. 在其他大洲上
For example... 比如
Look at that guy 看看这东西
That is an emperor scorpion . 是一只帝王蝎
Now some people say that its sting is no
worse than a bee's,有的人说被它叮一下比被蜜蜂蛰一下要致命

And others, well, they're not around to say
anything.其他人呢 其实 他们都不敢在旁边吱声
嗷 Ow! 
I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. 我开玩笑的 我开玩笑的
Hey, you thought that was cool, huh? 嘿 你们认为那就很牛了 是不是
Wait until you check out this guy. 看了这东西后你们才知道什么才是牛
Whoa. 哇
Look at him, huh? 快看看
This is a corn snake. 这是一条玉米蛇
Pretty cool, huh? That's my dad. 精彩吧 是不是 台上的是我老爸
Hello, everybody, welcome to story time. 大家好 欢迎来到读书时间
My name is Teddy, and today we have a
special treat.我叫泰迪 今天会和以往不同
You're gonna hear two stories. 因为你们将听到两个故事
The first one is written by me, and it's called. 第一个是我编写的 名字叫
'"Tim can and his amazing journey." 《蒂姆罐和他的冒险之旅》
Tin can? 是罐头吗
Tim. Tim can. 蒂姆 蒂姆罐Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第1 1页/共1 6页
All right, now before we begin, 好了 在我们开始之前
Just a reminder, as of today, 顺便说一下 截止今日
This story has not been published. 这个故事还未被发表过
Okay. "Once upon a time, there was a little
can of soup.开始了 “很久以前 有一个盛汤的小罐
子”
And his name was Tim. 他就叫蒂姆
Tim lived at the grocery store hoping
someday someone would buy him.蒂姆就在一家杂货店里 盼望着有朝一日能有人
将它买走
One day a nice woman did. 有一天 一位漂亮的女士买下了他
'"Her name was Candace." “那位女士就叫坎蒂丝”
Oh! Hey! That's your name. 噢 嘿 你也叫这个名字
That's funny. -Okay. 太巧了 继续吧
'"Candace took Tim home," “坎蒂丝把他带回了家”
Poured his soup in a pot, 把他的汤倒进了锅里
scorpion: n.蝎子;蝎尾鞭;心黑的人; grocery: n.食品杂货店;食品杂货; Poured: n.倾泻;
Then tossed him in the recycling bin. 如何把他扔进了回收箱里
'"Tim was sad. 'Is that all there is? ' he
wondered."“蒂姆很伤心 ‘难道就这样了吗’ 他疑惑
着”
That's what I'm wondering. 我也疑惑着呢
Poor plumber , having to follow me. 可怜的水管工 不得不跟随着我
I guess somebody had to go on after Elvis,
r i g h t ?必须要有人接替猫王的旗帜 对吧
You did great, dad, and more importantly, 干得不错 老爸 更值得一提的是
So did your belt. - Yeah. 皮带同样给力 -是啊
Gabe, your old man wasn't gonna let you
down.盖比啊 你老爹不会让你失望的
Have you seen the scorpion? 你看见那只蝎子了吗
What? You lost a scorp... - Wait wait wait
w a i t .什么 你把蝎子弄 -等等 等等
Let's just find it quietly by ourselves. 让咱爷俩安静的将它找到
All right. Scorpions aren't poisonous , right? 好吧 蝎子没读 是吧
How should I know? I just rented it this
morning.我怎么知道 我今天早上刚租过来的
I thought I saw something on tv that said a
scorpion can paralyze you.我记得电视上说过蝎子可以让你瘫痪
That might have been a nice thing to mention. 谢谢你的提醒Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第1 2页/共1 6页
Before I let it walk on me. 在它爬到我身上之前
I think they found it. 他们好像找到了
'"and after Tim had been recycled into Tim
pie plate."“在蒂姆被回收利用成为蒂姆馅饼盘
子”
And Tim aluminum foil , 和铝箔后
He went back to being Tim can. 他又变成了蒂姆罐
'"And lived happily ever after. The end." “从此过上了幸福快乐的生活 剧终”
耶 Y a y ! 
Well, kids, wasn't that better than "cheesy
and pepe pizza"?好了 孩子们 是不是比《起司和胡椒匹萨》好
上百倍啊
Yeah! 是
Hey, kids, here comes trashy! 嘿 孩子们 拉拉来也
tossed: 扔;后甩;抛硬币的方法;辗转反侧; plumber: n.水管工;堵漏人员; Scorpions: n.蝎子;蝎形弩
(scorpion的复数形式); poisonous: adj.有毒的;恶毒的;讨厌的; paralyze: vt.使麻痹;使瘫痪;
recycled: n.再生纸; adj.[环境]回收利用的; aluminum: n.铝; foil:vt.衬托; n.箔,金属薄片;
Hey, everybody, 嘿 大家好
I'm trashy the trash can. 我是垃圾桶拉拉
But I'm not just any trash can. 但我不是普通的垃圾桶
No, I'm a trash can that gives out candy. 不是的 我是一个能够分发糖果的垃圾桶
Whoo! 呜
And the best part about trashy. 垃圾桶最精彩的部分
Is that he has magical powers. 是他的魔法
So that he never runs out of candy. 他有无穷无尽的糖果
Yeah, eat it up. Yeah, eat it up. 来吧 使劲吃吧 来吧 吃吧
And that's the story of trashy the trash can.
The end.这就是垃圾桶拉拉的故事 剧终
That's not a story. 这不是个故事
You're just throwing candy at the kids so
they'll like your book better.你这是利用糖果来买通孩子们对你书的好感

Well, let's see if it works. Who likes trashy
better than Tim can?好吧 看看效果 谁认为拉拉比蒂姆罐好
Me! - Ooh ooh ooh! Yeah yeah! 我 -噢 噢 噢 好的 很好
Mm-hmm. - Oh, yeah? 噢 真的吗
Well, I forgot to tell you one thing about Tim
can.听好了 我忘了告诉你们一个关于蒂姆罐的事情

He is gonna take all of you kids in the library. 他会带你们大家去图书馆
Out for ice cream. 去吃冰激凌Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第1 3页/共1 6页
Okay, everybody repeat after me. 好了 大家跟我喊
Trashy! Trashy! Trashy! 拉拉 拉拉 拉拉
Tim can! Tim can! Tim can! - Trashy!
Trashy! Trashy!蒂姆罐 蒂姆罐 -拉拉 拉拉
Oh, Candace, do you wanna buy my story? 噢 坎蒂丝 你想买我的故事吗
Or do you wanna buy story? 还是想买我的故事
What I want is to find a new library for story
t i m e .我想的是找一个新的图书馆来继续故事时间

Great. What am I supposed to do with 500 of
these?这下好了 五百件这东西要我怎么处理
And what seems to be the problem tonight? 今晚又出现什么问题了
There's no problem. Everything's great. 没问题 事情一切顺利
Aren't we past this? Let's dive in. 别玩这套了 直入主题吧
No, seriously, we're fine. 没问题 真的 我很好得很
We worked out all our issues. 我们解决了所有问题
Then why'd you order chicken? 那你们为什么还订炸鸡
Because we're hungry. 因为我们饿了
But if you guys are fine, 如果你们没有矛盾了
Then I'm just the chicken guy. 那我只是一个普通送外卖的了
Pretty much. 差不多吧
Thanks. 谢谢
Keep the change. 不用找了
I'll be back! 我还会回来的
I forgot your sides. 我忘了拿辅料了
Gabe. 盖比
Can I talk to you for a minute? 能和你谈谈吗
Kinda busy with my string cheese. 我忙着吃奶酪条呢
Buddy , I'm really sorry about today. 儿子 今天真是对不住了
Buddy: n.伙伴,好朋友;
All you asked me to do was not embarrass
you.你只要求我别给你丢人
And that's exactly what I did. 但我还是丢了
Dad, you didn't embarrass me. 老爸 你没给我丢人
Thanks to you, everybody loves me. 对亏了你 现在大家都追捧我
W h a t ? 什么
Yeah, after the scorpion stung you, and then
you passed out,真的 你被蝎子蛰后 就晕过去了Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第1 4页/共1 6页
And then Mr. Turtlebaum tried to suck the
poison out of you.然后特透鲍姆先生想从你的体内吸出毒素

And then he passed out. 结果他又不省人事了
W h a t ? 什么
In all the confusion, the snake got loose. 趁混乱之中 蛇又爬了出去
Yeah, backup. Turtlebaum did what? 好吧 先不谈这个 特透鲍姆做了什么
And then while you were at the hospital, 当你在医院的时候
The fire department came and the whole
school was evacuated for the day.消防队来了 整个学校的人都被疏散了
I am a hero because of you. 我是站在你肩膀上的巨人
Thanks, dad. 谢了 老爸
Now I'm gonna need an answer on that
turtlebaum question.请正面回答我那个特透鲍姆问题
Well, Charlie, needless to say, 好了 查莉 无需此言
I'm still unpublished , 我的故事没发表
But the good news is so is mom. 但是好消息是 老妈也没得逞
I think we learned a very important lesson. 我认为我们学到了一件很重要的事情
I look good even in a trash can. 即便我穿着垃圾桶 魅力也不减
Well, that's one of the lessons. 好吧 算是一个教训吧
So... - I just feel so empty, 所以 -我感觉好空虚
S o  abandoned . 感觉被抛弃了
I guess it'd be safe to say I feel used. 更准确的来说 我感觉被利用了
You know what I'm saying? 你明白我的意思吗
PJ, the poor kid been here for 10 minutes. PJ 这可怜的娃在这儿都十分钟了
Pay him already. 快付给他钱吧
Hey, see you tomorrow? 嘿 明天你还来吗
Sometimes there's nothing left to say but good
luck, Charlie.有时候 无需多言 除了祝你好运啊 查莉
Poor me. 可怜的我啊
stung: 刺,使疼痛(sting的过去式及过去分词) evacuated: adj.疏散; v.疏散; (evacuate的过去式和过
去分词形式); needless: adj.不必要的,不需要的;多余的,无用的; unpublished: adj.未公开出版的;未
发表过的; abandoned: adj.被抛弃的; v.抛弃 (abandon的过去式和过去分词);
I don't have any toppings , 我没有任何的辅料
Just cheese. 只有奶酪
You're a loser, cheesy. 你个废柴 起司
Look at me, all covered in pepperoni. 瞅瞅我 满身的香肠啊Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第1 5页/共1 6页
There must be something good about being
so plain.我认为有时候普普通通也会有好处的
Oh yeah, when you think of it, let me know. 噢 是吗 当你想到了 记得告诉我
Uh-oh. 不妙
Plain old cheese or delicious pepperoni? 烙饼还是香肠匹萨
N o ! 不要啊
Huh, I guess there is something good. 哈 也许这就是
About being plain. 普普通通的好处
It'd be a shame to leave just one. 剩最后一块不吃 可惜了
I was afraid of that. 我害怕的就是这个
toppings: n.浇头;构成顶部的东西(topping的复数);
************************************************************************************************** 
 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S02E28
第1 6页/共1 6页