
Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
Hey, Charlie. So, exciting times for the
Duncan family.嘿 查莉 这是一个激动人心的时刻
Tomorrow, you turn three! 明天 你就三岁了
耶 Y a y ! 
And if that wasn't exciting enough, one week
ago, the new baby was due.如果这还不够兴奋 一周前 新宝宝的预产期到
了
Let's see how that baby's doing now. 现在让我们来看看小宝宝在干什么
I want you out! 你给我出来
Duncan kid number five is late. 邓肯五号迟迟不来
And Duncan kid number two is getting on my
nerves.邓肯二号把我惹毛了
Moving on. 继续聊
Anyway, I'm hoping for a baby girl. 话说回来 我希望是个女孩
I'm hoping for a baby boy. 我希望是男孩
Yeah. 是啊
Me too. 我也是
I want a younger brother to pick on. 我想要个弟弟逗一逗
I'm tired of picking on my older brother. 我已经逗烦那边的老兄了
Oh, boy or girl doesn't matter to me. 噢 男孩女孩我都不介意
Whatever Mom wants, I want. 老妈喜欢啥 我就喜欢啥
Don't touch me. 别碰我
Never again, honey. 下不为例 亲爱的
Once again I've kept the camera on just a
s m i d g e  too long.又拍到不该拍的画面了
Guys, this is all just too much. 同志们 事情太多了
The new baby's about to come, and Charlie's
birthday tomorrow.新生儿要降临了 查莉明天就要过生日了
Just so long as they don't happen on the same
day.只要不发生在同一天
What do you mean? -Well, think about it. 什么意思 -想一想
Wouldn't it be kind of sad if Charlie had to
share her birthday with the new baby?如果查莉要和新生儿共同分享生日的喜悦 岂不
是很悲剧Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1页/共3 5页
I'll tell you what's sad. 我告诉你什么最悲剧
We're out of French Toast sticks . 我们的吐司条没了
Teddy , honey, the baby's gonna come when
the baby wants to come.泰迪 新生儿该什么时候来 就什么时候来

But if it does happen to be tomorrow, 但是如果真是明天就来
I need everyone to help out with Charlie's
birthday.我需要大家都帮忙弄一下查莉的生日
smidge: n.少量; sticks: 棍,树枝(stick复数形式) Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊 gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto)
Mom, I'm willing to help out by doing what I
always do.老妈 我会像平常一样帮你排忧解难的
You don't ever do anything. 你以前什么都没做过
And nobody does it better. 这才是我最拿手的
All I'm saying is if somebody goes to the
trouble of inventing French Toast sticks, the
least we could do is buy their product.我只想说 如果咱们家里 没吐司条了 至少我们
应该去买点吧
Bob, honey, you took care of those things I
asked you to handle, right?老鲍 你把我交代过你的事情办完了吗
I . . 我
Certainly did. 肯定办完了
Why was there a pause between "I" and
"certainly"?为什么在“我”和“肯定”之间停顿了一下

No pause. 没停顿啊
Just my normal speaking.. 就是我正常说话
Talk voice pattern. 的语速啊
So, you bought the baby's new car seat, and
the doll Charlie wants for her birthday?那么 你买了婴儿汽车座椅 和查莉的生日礼物
洋娃娃
Honey. I did it all. 亲啊 我全办妥了
Okay? Mission accomplished. 成了吧 完满完成任务
I . . 我
Believe you. 相信你
Uh, Gabe? 呃 盖比
Yeah? -Listen, here is, uh.. 怎么了 -听着 这里是 呃
Here's 50 bucks . 这是五十块钱
I need you to go down to the mall. 我需要你去趟商场
I need you to get that doll for Charlie. 给查莉买个洋娃娃回来
Dad, why can't you do it? 爸啊 你怎么不去
Because I gotta buy a car seat. 因为我要去买婴儿汽车座椅Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2页/共3 5页
You know how some little girls grow up and
pick a husband who's just like their Daddy?你知道有些女孩长大后 都会挑一个和她们爸爸
很像的男人做老公
I'm gonna go a different way. 我是不会的
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
I've been there, I've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
inventing: v.发明(invent的现在分词);创造; b u c k s : n.雄鹿队 (英国伦敦附近的一个郡名); G r a b : v t .
攫取; n.攫取;
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future's bright 可是我知道你会有美好将来
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There's no maybe 不要怀疑
Everything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Your life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me it comes back around 但是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, baby. 宝贝 不要放弃
Good Luck Charlie S03E07 Special Delivery 查莉成长日记 第三季第七集
Hey, honey? 嘿 亲爱的
Hey, come on. 嘿 过来
There's something I want to show you. 我给你看点儿东西
Honey, come on. 亲爱的 过来啊
I'm moving as fast as I can. 我正在全速前进
Wide load coming through. 大腹便便向前冲
Look. 看
Look. 看啊
New car seat is in. 新的儿童座椅
Good. -Yeah. 不错 -是啊
Bought it three days ago. Well, whatever. 三天前买回来的 已经不重要了
Looks a little crowded in here. 这里面看起来有点儿挤Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第3页/共3 5页
Well, honey, we're gonna be up front. Who
cares what happens in the back?怎么会呢 亲爱的 我们坐前排 谁管后面挤不挤

Bob, I don't think there's enough room. 老鲍 我觉着空间不够大
Sure there is. 空间足够大啊
No, Bob, with five kids, I think we might
need a new car.不是的 老鲍 五个孩子啊 我觉着该买辆新车了

Slow down. 别急
No, no, no, no, no. 不 不 不 不 不
Enough room in here for everybody. 有足够的空间给每一个人
Look, Charlie sits here, new baby over there,
one kid back there, the other over there.你看 查莉坐这 小宝宝坐那 再来个孩子坐后面
另一个坐那边
Done. Problem solved. 看 问题解决了
You forgot a kid. 你少算了一个
Which one? 哪个
I don't know. 不知道
But I know there are five. 反正有五个孩子
This can work. 没问题的
Let me show you.. Kids! 我给你演示下 崽子们
There, see? 好了 看吧
Piece of cake. 小事一桩
How's everybody doing back there? 后面的同志怎么样啊
PJ keeps poking me with his rib. PJ用肋骨硌我
It's called breathing. 我需要呼吸的
Honey, Gabe doesn't have a seat belt. 亲爱的 盖比连安全带都没有
Or a seat. 甚至是座椅
He'll be fine. 他没事的
Hey, Charlie? 嘿 查莉
Are you comfortable? 你还舒服吗
p o k i n g : v.刺(poke的ing形式);拨火;
N o . 不
Bob? -Yes? 老鲍 -啥事
New car? -New car. 新车 -新车
Okay. 好了
Here we go. 可以涂了
O h . 噢
Hey, Mom? Oh.. 嘿 妈 噢Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第4页/共3 5页
What are you doing? 练什么功呢
Painting my toenails . 涂指甲油呢
Just because I can't see them doesn't mean
they shouldn't look good.尽管我看不见脚趾甲 那也要让它漂漂亮亮的

Oh. Well in that case, you might want to
consider clipping t h e m .噢 既然这样 不如直接剪了它
Can I help you? 你到底有啥事
Well, I am actually here to help you. 这样的 我是来帮助你的
So, Mom, I know that you've been very
anxious to get this baby out, so I went online
and I looked up some natural ways to induce
labor.老妈 我知道你最近情绪暴躁 因为小宝宝的事
情 所以我上网 查了查如何用自然的方法引产

Ooh, like what? 呜 什么方法
Well, uh, there's a bunch of techniques, but
the first one includes..呃 有很多方法 首先第一个就是
吥 Boo! 
What was that? 搞什么
I was trying to scare the baby out. 尝试把小宝宝吓出来
Well, it didn't work. 看来 没起作用啊
Okay. 好吧
Fine, well, there's always some other stuff we
can try, like..好了 肯定还有其他什么办法的 比如
吥 Boo! 
Stop that. 别闹了
Okay, you know, it's a baby. 好了 你也知道 这个是孩子
It's not the hiccups . 不是打嗝
So, what do you want to do today? 那么 你今天打算干什么
Well, it's a beautiful day. 今儿个天不错
Sun shining, the birds are chirping . . 阳光啊 鸟鸣啊
So, video games in the basement? 所以 地下室打游戏去
Dude , you had me scared there for a minute
with all the outdoor t a l k .老兄 刚才那番很浪漫的话 真是把我吓坏了

All right, let's go. 好了 走吧
W a i t . 等等
I promised my Dad I'd go to the store and
buy Charlie a stupid doll.我答应过我老爸 要去商店给查莉买娃娃Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第5页/共3 5页
toenails: n.脚趾甲(toenail复数); clipping: n.剪裁,剪断; adj.头等的,第一流的; hiccups: n.[医]打嗝,
[内科]呃逆; chirping: n.[昆]鸣叫; v.叽叽喳喳地讲话; (chirp的ing形式); Dude: n.男人,小伙子; n.
(Dude)人名; n.(非正式)花花公子; outdoor: adj.户外的; (等于out-of-door);
And I told my Mom I was at the library. 我还跟我老妈说我去图书馆了呢
So what? 那又怎样
No, Jake, I really have to go do this. 算了 杰克 我真的要去商店买娃娃
So, who's stopping you? 好吧 又没人拦着你
I'll wait right here. 我坐在这里等你
Yeah, you know I'm not allowed to leave you
in this house alone.算了 你知道我不能把你单独留在家里
Come on. 走吧
Man, you take one bubble bath, you get
labeled .天啊 你真是一朝被蛇咬 十年怕井绳啊
What's all this? 这都是啥
I got us some yoga balls. 我弄了几个健身球
Another way to induce labor is through
bouncing .通过弹跳来帮助你引产
All right, I'll try anything. 好吧 试试吧
Hit it, Charlie. 开始吧 查莉
Feel anything? 有感觉了吗
I feel silly. 感觉好傻
You look silly. 看着就傻
O h . 噢
Teddy, this isn't going to work. 泰迪 这没用的
Do it again. 再来
Dude, I can't be seen doll shopping. 老兄 我不能被人看见我在买娃娃
I'll lose my street cred. 你以后让我怎么在道上混
Yeah, I think you lost that when you started
giggling in the bra Department.是吗 我猜你在卖内衣那里傻笑的时候 就没法
在道上混了
Let's just buy this thing and get out of here. 赶紧买完就撤吧
Kuddle Me Katie? 凯蒂洋娃娃
That's stupid. 真弱智
Goo-goo . 咕咕
It said goo-goo. 说了句咕咕
Whoa, look what they just released. 哇 看看这新产品
Attack of the Zartians. 扎提亚斯的攻击Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第6页/共3 5页
Oh, right. I heard about this game. 噢 没错 我听说过这个游戏
Zartians are martians that were bitten by
zombies .扎提亚斯和火星人被僵尸咬了
Ewe. That's disgusting. 呦 真恶心
What are they covered in, blood or puke ? 他们身上的是什么啊 血还是呕吐物
bubble: n.气泡,泡沫,泡状物; labeled: adj.有标签的; v.示踪 y o g a : n.瑜珈 bouncing: adj.跳跃的; v.
弹跳 (bounce的ing形式); giggling: 咯咯地笑(giggle的现在分词); martians: n.火星人(Martian的
复数形式); z o m b i e s : n.僵尸; (zombie的复数); p u k e : n.呕吐;
Hopefully both. 希望都有
Let's get it. 买了吧
It's 50 bucks. I don't have 50 bucks. 五十块钱呢 我没有五十块钱了
Yeah, you do. 有的 你有
Wait a minute. 等一下
Are you.. Are you saying.. -That's exactly
what I'm saying.你是 你是想说 -正是我想说的
You're gonna buy this game with the doll
money.你用买娃娃的钱 来买游戏
Yeah. 没错
And then what? -We play it. 那接下来怎么办 -玩之
After we play it? -We play it again. 玩完之后呢 -复玩之
Well, what about Charlie's doll? 那 那查莉的娃娃怎么办
I promised my Dad. 我答应过我爸了
Dude, we're teenagers now. We're supposed
to be rebels .老兄 我们现在是青少年了 应该叛逆点儿

Your Mom still picks out your underwear .你老妈还给你买内衣呢
And sometimes I wear it backwards. 有时候我反着穿
On purpose. 故意的
You know what? I'm gonna buy this game,
but just so we can stop talking about your
underwear.知道吗 我要买这游戏 就是为了能停止讨论你
的内衣的问题
Hey, Mom. 嘿 老妈
How you doing? 干啥呢
I am tired, bloated ,  cranky , I have never
been more miserable in my life.我疲倦 臃肿 暴躁 到达了人生的谷底
That's nice. 很不错
H e y . . 嘿
I just did a quick freezer check.. 我刚才检查了下冰箱里的速冻食品Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第7页/共3 5页
Still not seeing the French Toast sticks. 还是没有看见吐司条
I bought you some. 我给你买了啊
Yeah, you bought French Toast squares . 是啊 但你买的是土司块
Well, if you want sticks, then just take the
squares and cut them in half.如果你想要条的 就把块的从中间一切为二啊

Cut them in half? 一切为二
But then you cut the fun in half. 这样一来 乐趣也一切为二了
Honey, you'll figure it out. 宝贝 你会整明白的
I guess I could take the cut squares.. 我觉着我可以把两半儿的吐司条
rebels: n.反叛者 v.谋反 (rebel的第三人称单数形式); underwear: n.内衣物; b l o a t e d : adj.发胀的,浮
肿的; v.肿胀,得意 (bloat的过去时形式); c r a n k y : adj.暴躁的;古怪的;动摇的; freezer: n.冰箱;冷冻库;
制冷工; squares: n.广场; v.使成直角; (square的第三人称单数形式);
And glue them together lengthwise w i t h
syrup . .用糖浆把它们纵向粘起来
Or would jam make a better adhesive ? 也许果酱是个更好的选择
I'd better nap on it. 我还是睡一觉吧
That's your big brother, PJ. 那是你大哥 PJ
He's not the smartest . . 他除了不是很聪明
That's it. 没别的了
Hey, Mom. You hungry? 嘿 老妈 你饿了吗
Oh, no. 噢 不饿
Honey, I couldn't eat anything. 宝贝 我吃不下了
I'm so big, I just.. I just.. 太饱了 我只是 我只是
What you got? 有什么吃的
Vindaloo Pepper Curry from the new
Indian place.印度菜馆的咖喱胡椒酱
Because I read that another way to induce
labor is with s p i c y  food.因为我刚学到可以用辛辣食物来协助引产

Is it really that spicy? 真的很辛辣吗
Yeah, so spicy, they made me sign a waiver .绝对 因为辣 他们逼我签下了生死状
And attend a brief seminar . 并出席宣讲会
Let's try it. 试试呗
D a d ! 老爸
I set that down, like, one minute ago. 我刚放这里的 也就一分钟
Stuff's got some kick to it. 这东西太给力了
What else you got? 你还有啥招Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第8页/共3 5页
So, uh, how is belly dancing supposed to
help?那么 跳肚皮舞有什么帮助吗
Well, they say that it's good to exercise your
core, and..他们说跳这个可以锻炼到你的腹内
Let's face it, right now.. 说实话 现在
You're all core. 你腹内都满了
O h . . 噢
Check it out, this is fun. 看看啊 有点儿意思
And surprise, surprise. 吃惊啊 吃惊
I'm good at it. 我跳得真好
Feel anything, Mom? 有感觉了吗 妈
lengthwise: adj.纵长的;adv.纵长地; syrup: n.糖浆,果汁;含药糖浆; adhesive: n.粘合剂;胶黏剂;adj.
粘着的;带粘性的; smartest: 聪明伶俐地; (smart的最高级); Vindaloo: n.(用蒜,酒等配制的)咖喱肉;
Curry: vt.用咖喱烧,给…加咖喱粉; n.咖哩粉,咖喱; Indian: 印第安人;印度人;印度的;印第安人的
spicy: 辛辣的 waiver: n.弃权,放弃;弃权证书; seminar: n.讨论会,研讨班; belly: n.腹部;胃;食欲;vi.涨
满;鼓起;vt.使鼓起;
Feel like I'm kicking your butt at belly
dancing.感觉我的肚皮舞跳得比你好一百倍
Oh, no, you're not. -Oh, yes, I am. 噢 没有 你瞎说 -噢 我没瞎说
Bring it. -Consider it brung. 来啊 -瞧好吧
Oh! -Yeah! 噢 -耶
Yeah, you just got served. 耶 你出局了
In a bowl, with a spoon. 被我虐了 秒杀了
Didn't realize belly dancing had so much
trash t a l k .没想到跳肚皮舞能有这么多垃圾话
Man, this is frustrating . 天啊 真让人失望
Yeah, I know. 是啊 我知道
They really need to make bigger keyboards
for people with big, sausage-y fingers.他们真应该弄个大一点儿的键盘 给那些手指又
肥又大的人用
What are you talking about? 你说什么呢
What are you talking about? 你又在说什么
I'm trying to figure out what kind of car to
buy.我在琢磨应该买哪辆车
Problem is, you got too many choices. 问题是 有太多东西需要选择了
And then you gotta figure out.. 你就要做出选择
Mileage and.. 里程数啊
Color, safety, reliability . . 颜色啊 安全度啊 可靠性啊
You know what? This is impossible. 知道吗 这就是天方夜谭Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第9页/共3 5页
Well, what about this one? 这辆怎么样
I mean, look how happy it's making that
family.你看 给那家人带来了多少快乐
Oh, and they're going across the country. 噢 他们要周游全国
Mount Rushmore. 拉什莫尔山
The Grand Canyon . . 科罗拉多大峡谷
Grandma's house. 外婆家
PJ PJ. 
Come on, it's just a commercial, you.. 别逗了 这只是个广告 你
Hey, they brought her a puppy . 嘿 他们给她带了只小狗
Oh, it's just what she wanted. 噢 这正是她想要的
We have to get that car. 我们要拥有这辆车
If we want to be happy. 能给我们带来快乐
butt: n.屁股; t r a s h : n.垃圾;废物;vt.丢弃;修剪树枝; frustrating: adj.令人沮丧的; v.使沮丧 (frustrate
的ing形式); keyboards: n.[计]键盘(keyboard的复数);键盘乐器; Mileage: n.英里数; reliability: n .
可靠性; Canyon: 峡谷, puppy: 小 狗
Okay, how is a salad going to help me go into
labor?好了 沙拉怎么帮我生孩子
Not the salad, the dressing. 不是沙拉 是沙拉酱
See, this place is famous for it. 看 这家店因此而闻名
They have this special secret ingredient t h a t
j u s t  pops a kid right out.他们有种独家秘密食材 能马上让孩子出来

It's worth a shot. 值得一试
Besides, I haven't eaten in like, 15 minutes. 另外 我已经十五分钟没有进食了
Hi. Can I help you? 嗨 需要帮助吗
Yes. A table for two, please. 好的 两位 谢谢
Sure, can I get your name? We have about a
three-hour w a i t .好的 能告诉我你的名字吗 我们已经排到三小
时以外了
Three hours? 三个小时
But we need a table right away. 但是我们现在就需要入座
Yes, I'm pregnant. 是的 我怀孕了
It's kind of a special circumstance. 属于特殊情况
Oh, well, in that case, you can wait in our
special section.噢 这样的话 你可以在我们的特殊区域等候

This is ridiculous . 太荒唐了
I can't believe they're making us stand here
like this.不敢相信他们让咱们站在这里等Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 0页/共3 5页
I'm seven days overdue . 我都过预产期七天了
Seven days? 七天吗
Try nine days on for size. 试试九天的什么感觉
I'm looking back at seven days like it was a
party.回首七天的日子 简直就是天堂
Oh, yeah? 噢 是吗
I have enough gas to fly to London. 我肚子里的气都能飞到伦敦
Try China. 试试中国
How's that table coming? 那桌吃完了吗
All right. -I can't wait to play this game. 好了 -等不急要玩这游戏了
Yeah, I was getting that from the way you
opened the box with your teeth.是啊 从你用牙咬开包装盒就可以看出来了

That's how I open everything. 我都是这么开东西
Why do you think I need braces ? 要不然我戴牙套干吗
Now, if my Dad comes down. 现在 如果我爸下楼来
And asks where the doll is, what am I gonna
tell him?问我娃娃在哪呢 我该怎么告诉他
ingredient: n.原料; adj.构成组成部分的; pops: abbr.流行曲调 adj.演奏轻音乐有关的; v.取出; (pop
的三单形式); ridiculous: adj.可笑的;荒谬的; overdue: adj.过期的;迟到的;未兑的; b r a c e s : n.背带;吊
带(brace的复数);
Okay, I got it. 有了 想到了
I'll tell him that.. On the way to the toy store,
I got beat up by a gang.我就告诉他 在去往商店的途中 我被一帮人给
揍了
And.. 而且
They stole the money and I'm lucky to be
alive.他们偷走了钱 我很幸运的保住了性命
Dude, it's your Dad we're talking about. 老兄 面对的是你老爸
Why are you working so hard on a story? 干嘛这么费力编故事
You know what? 你还别说
You're right. 你说对了
Why am I worried about Charlie's stupid doll
anyway?我干嘛为查莉的破娃娃而费心呢
All right, here. 好了 给
Uh-oh. What's that? 呃噢 什么意思
'"Warning." “警告”
'"Contains scenes of graphic violence." “含有暴力画面”
' " Parental supervision strongly advised." “建议在家长的陪伴下进行游戏”Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 1页/共3 5页
Y e s ! 爽
Well, I retain so much water, I slosh when I
w a l k .听着 我的羊水太多了 走路都往外溅
I slosh when I sleep. 我睡觉的时候都往外溅
Oh, you sleep? 噢 睡觉的时候吗
Oh, Mom. 噢 妈
I just thought of a great idea. 我刚想到一个主意
Why don't we get the salads to go? 我们为啥不外带沙拉
Don't you think we thought of that? 你以为我们没想过吗
They don't do takeout here. 他们没有外卖服务
Sure hope your next kid is smarter than this
one.希望你的下一个孩子比这个聪明点儿
H e y . 嘿
Nobody insults my kids but me. 除了我没人能损我的孩子
You want a piece of me? 你不服啊
You want a piece of me? -Okay! Ladies, let's
break it up.你不服啊 -好了 女士们 消消气
Let's just go, okay? I can't do this for three
hours.咱们走吧 好不 我在这里忍不了三个小时

What? No, Mom. We have to stick it out. 什么 不成 老妈 我们要坚持下
The baby has to be born today. 孩子必须要今天生
Tomorrow's Charlie's birthday. 因为明天是查莉的生日
g r a p h i c : adj.形象的;图表的;绘画似的; Parental: adj.父母亲的,父母的;亲代的,亲本的;
supervision: n.监督,管理; slosh: vi.溅,泼; n.泥泞; salads: n.色拉(salad的复数形式); takeout: n . 外
卖; adj.外卖的,供顾客带出外吃的; insults: v.侮辱; n.无礼; (insult的复数);
Honey, I know that. But we're out of options
here.宝贝 我知道 但是我们在这里已经别无选择了

Or are we? 不一定哦
Look over there. 看那儿
That must be the salad dressing. 那一定是秘制沙拉酱
Okay, so you create a distraction for
everyone, and I'll go get it.好了 你去分散大家的注意力 我去搞沙拉酱

We're going to steal salad dressing? 我们要去偷沙拉酱吗
The student becomes the master. 你出师了
Oh my! 噢 天啊
Oh my! It's happening. 噢 天啊 要生了
Oh, Mama's having a baby child! 噢 老娘要生孩子了Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 2页/共3 5页
Okay, just stay calm. 好了 先冷静下来
Everything's gonna be okay. 会没事的
Okay. -Just breathe. 好的 -呼吸
Oh, you know what? 噢 不好意思
False alarm. 虚惊一场
Sorry. 抱歉
Everybody go back to your salads, nothing
more to see here.大家都忙去吧 我这里没事了
O h . 噢
Let's get out of here. 快撤吧
Hey! Stop them, they've got the dressing. 嘿 拦住他们 他们偷走了沙拉酱
Run for it! 跑啊
Oh. Okay. 噢 好吧
Hey, everybody relax. 嘿 大家放松下
Yeah, no need to get crazy, okay, there's
plenty of dressing for everyone.是啊 没必要这样 好吗 我们有足够的沙拉酱给
大家
I am having twins. 我怀的是双胞胎
I want double. 我要双份
Oh, yeah? I'm gonna need to see an
ultrasound .噢 是吗 给我看看超声波证明下
Hey, hey! Back off. 嘿 嘿 退后
One more step and the dressing gets it. 再走一步 我就摔了
That's right. 没错
You heard her. 你听到了
Now everyone waddle away real nice-like. 现在大家都闪开一条道
You first, twinsie. 你先闪 双黄蛋
So, Bob. 那么 鲍伯
What got you interested in the Serenade ? 你是喜欢这辆小夜曲的哪些呢
Well, the mileage, safety, reliability.. 这个嘛 里程数啊 安全度啊 可靠性啊
Was it the puppy? 是因为小狗吗
Yeah. 是的
So, what do you think? 那么 你觉着如何
Rides pretty smooth, doesn't it? 操控性能很好 是吧
Yeah, it's.. It's okay, I guess. 是啊 还成吧
Are you kidding? 开什么玩笑
I feel like I'm floating on a cloud. 我感觉坐在了筋斗云上Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 3页/共3 5页
ultrasound: n.超声;超音波; waddle: n.蹒跚; Serenade: n.小夜曲;vt.为…唱小夜曲;vi.唱小夜曲;
A cloud with seat warmers. 能加热的筋斗云
So that's why I'm so toasty down there. 这就是为什么我下面暖暖的
Sounds like your boy likes the car. 看来你的公子挺喜欢这辆车啊
Six cup holders?! 六个杯托
Serenade! Serenade! 小夜曲 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
What do you say, Bob? 你觉着呢 鲍伯
You want to go inside and we'll crunch s o m e
numbers?准备好进去办点儿手续吗
Um.. Could you give us a minute, Stu? 呃 能让我俩商量商量吗 斯图
Sure thing. I'll be in the showroom . 当然可以 我在展厅等你
PJ PJ! 
What are you doing? You're blowing the
whole deal!你在干什么 你在搞砸这笔交易
What do you mean? 你什么意思
If Stu thinks we like the car, we're gonna
have to pay more for it.如果斯图认为我们喜欢这辆车 他肯定会把价位
提高
We gotta make him think we don't want the
car.我们要让他认为咱们不喜欢这辆车
So there's a chance we won't buy it? 那我们有可能不买这辆车吗
Are you kidding me? I love this thing! 开什么玩笑 我太喜欢这辆车了
Serenade! Serenade! Serenade! 小夜曲 小夜曲 小夜曲
Never knew pregnant women could be so
vicious .真没想到孕妇能这么凶残
I t  w a s  horrifying . 吓死老娘了
That one gal chewed off a couple of my
buttons.有个女的咬掉了我的几个纽扣
Why don't we go downstairs again and try
bouncing..不如咱们下楼继续练健身球吧
Oh, no, no, no, no. 噢 不 不 不 不
Sweetie, we are done. 宝贝 我们够了
Okay, we've tried everything. 好了 我们试过了每种方法
This baby is gonna come when it wants to. 这个小宝宝的生辰八字由天注定
I guess you're right. 大概是吧Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 4页/共3 5页
And if it is born on Charlie's birthday, maybe
that wouldn't be such a bad thing.如果真的在查莉生日的时候出生 也许并非坏事

What do you mean? 什么意思
Well, I don't know, with.. 我也不清楚
toasty: adj.似烤面包片的;暖和舒适的;祝酒的; crunch: n.咬碎,咬碎声; showroom: n.陈列室;样品间;
vicious: adj.恶毒的; horrifying: adj.令人恐惧的; v.令人恐惧; (horrify的ing形式); chewed: n.咀嚼;
Five kids, maybe it wouldn't hurt to double up
on birthdays.五个孩子 也许在生日的时候 折磨不会加剧

You know.. 明白吗
Less parties, less presents, less headaches . .更少的派对 更少的礼物 更少的头疼
H e y . 嘿
Maybe I can tell Charlie and the baby they
were born on December 25.也许我可以告诉查莉和小宝宝他们生在圣诞节

So, follow my lead. 所以 看我眼色行事
Play it cool. 表现出淡定
Oh, and whatever happens, don't get too
overenthusiastic .噢 不管发生什么 都不要太猴急
Don't worry about me, big guy. 别担心我了 大块头
I will be cool with a capital "K." 我会像蛋一样淡定
And don't do any spelling. 不要秀你的文采
Check. 明白
Have a seat, fellas . 请坐吧 伙计们
In these chairs? 坐这些椅子吗
Forget it. 得了吧
They're pieces of junk. 垃圾堆里捡的吧
We're not buying the chairs. 我们不是来买椅子的
D a r n  right we're not. 当然不是了
It's not even that fun. 这一点儿也不好玩
So, what do you think, Bob? 那么 你考虑的怎么样了 鲍伯
Will you be driving home in a Serenade
today?想把小夜曲今天就开回家吗
Well, uh.. 这个嘛 呃
I don't know, Stu. I guess it, uh, depends on
what you can do for me.我也不确定 斯图 我觉着吧 这一切全看你的了

Yeah, Stu. What have you got? 没错 斯图 看你的了
Bring it. 开个价吧Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 5页/共3 5页
Does this price work for you? 这个价钱你满意吗
Does.. This work for you? 这个 你满意吗
喔 喔 喔 PJ PJ Whoa, whoa, whoa. PJ, PJ? 
We actually have to look at the offers. 我们要先看完价钱再说
Amateur move, but go ahead. 菜鸟才这么做 但是随便你啦
Look, Bob. 你看啊 鲍伯
I want to make you happy. 我想让你满意
What do you think about this? 这个价钱你满意吗
This is your offer? 这就是你开的价吗
PJ PJ.. 
This is your beef, Stu? 你就这点能耐吗 斯图
Get it? "Beef Stu"? 听明白了吗 “红烩牛肉”
Yeah, we.. We all got it. -Yeah. 听到了 我们 我们都听懂了 -好的
headaches: n.[内科]头痛; (headache的复数); overenthusiastic: adj.过分热情的; fellas: <俚>伙
伴,小伙子(fella的复数); Darn: v.织补,缝补;n.织补; A m a t e u r : n.爱好者; adj.业余的;
Come on, Dad. We are out of here. 走吧 老爸 我们离开这里
Dad? You coming? 老爸 你来吗
I, uh.. 我 呃
Chose the wrong child to come with me
today, Stu.我今天选错孩子来陪我买车了 斯图
I.. I apologize. 我 我道歉
How long have we been playing? 我们玩多长时间了
Six hours. 六个小时
My eyes are burning. 我眼睛都疼了
You should blink once in a while. 你应该多眨眨眼
That's exactly what they want. 那不正中了他们的下怀吗
Who are you working for, the Zartian King? 你是哪边的 扎提亚国王的吗
Easy, dude. 放松 老兄
Your phone's ringing again. 你电话又响了
It's just my Mom wondering where I am. 肯定是我老妈不知道我在哪呢
Off to voice mail. 转到语音信箱吧
I'm gonna go down this alley and check for
mutants .我准备走这条小路去检查下变种人
Cover me. 掩护我
You having fun, Gabe? 你玩得高兴不 盖比
喔 Whoa. Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 6页/共3 5页
Did you see that? 你看见了吗
W h a t ? 什么
My Dad. He was.. He was in the game and
he was talking to me.我爸 他在游戏里 跟我说话
That's normal. 正常
After six hours, you're gonna hallucinate .玩六个小时 你会出现幻觉的
Really? 真的
Yeah. It was a warning on the box. 是啊 包装盒上写着呢
You've just got to power through it. 你只要熬过去就好了
Okay. 好吧
You're right. Just got to focus. 没错 只要集中注意力
We got to get that level nine monster . 我们要杀掉那个九级的怪兽
It's your baby sister's birthday. 这可是你妹妹的生日
All she wanted was a doll. 她只想要个娃娃
Maybe you're the monster. 也许你才是怪兽
A h ! 啊
What are you doing? 你干嘛
We're done. 不玩了
And tomorrow we're taking the game back
and getting Charlie her doll.明天我们把游戏退回去 然后给查莉买娃娃

What's wrong with your hands? 你的手怎么回事
I don't know. 我也不知道
Help me. 救救我
Oh, happy first birthday, you adorable baby. 噢 一周岁生日快乐 你个小可爱
blink: vt.眨眼; n.眨眼; alley: n.小巷;小路;小径; mutants: n.[遗]突变体(mutant的复数);
hallucinate: vt.使产生幻觉;vi.出现幻觉; monster: 怪物,巨人 adorable: adj.可爱的;可敬重的,值得
崇拜的;
Look at that smile. 看看这微笑
Check out those cheeks. 看看这脸蛋儿
I could just eat you up. 真想一口吃了
You are the cutest baby ever. 你是最可爱的宝宝了
Yes, you are. 没错 就是你
It's my birthday, too. 今天也是我的生日
Oh, and Daddy loves you. 噢 爸爸爱你
That's right, Daddy lu-lu you. 没错 爸爸爱爱你
I ' m  s a d . 伤心了Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 7页/共3 5页
Oh, my little angel. 噢 我的小可爱
I could never forget you. 我不会忘记你的
I'll never forget you either, baby. 我也不会忘记你的 亲爱的
Not you. 不是你
Teddy. 泰迪
Morning, Mom. 早啊 妈
Teddy, I can't have this baby today. 泰迪 我今天不能生孩子
Charlie needs to have her special birthday. 查莉需要一个特别的生日
That's what I've been saying all along. 我一直都这么说的啊
Yeah, but now I'm saying it. 是啊 但现在是我说的
Okay, well, what made you change your
mind?好吧 是什么让你改变主意的
I had this horrible dream last night. 我昨晚做了个恐怖的梦
The entire family was just being so mean to
Charlie..咱们全家人都对查莉很刻薄
Ignoring her. 无视她
Even you. 甚至是你
What were you doing in the dream? 你在你的梦里如何啊
I was doing what I always do. 我和平常一样啊
Fighting bravely to make things right. 勇于搏斗 让世界更美好
Okay, look, the point is I can't have the baby
today.好了 听着 重点是我今天不能生孩子
Charlie needs her special day. 查莉需要属于她的特殊一天
All right, well, however you got here, I totally
agree.好吧 不管你是怎么想的 我绝对同意
We'll just make sure that you don't have the
baby until tomorrow.我们只要保证明天之前不让你分娩就可以了

Exactly. Okay. 没错 好的
Okay, operation get baby out. 好的 生宝宝行动
Has officially become operation keep baby
i n .已经正式更改为保胎行动了
I need complete rest and relaxation , okay? 我需要充足的休息和放松 明白吗
Nothing but peace.. 我只需要平静
C a l m . 冷静
And quiet. 和安静
Morning, honey. 早啊 亲爱的Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 8页/共3 5页
I said quiet! 你给我闭嘴
Yeah. Another day in paradise . 好吧 又到人间天堂
bravely: adv.勇敢地;华丽地; relaxation: n.放松;缓和;消遣; paradise: n.天堂;至福境地;
N e x t . 下一个
Hi, we'd like to return this game, please. 嗨 我们想退掉这个游戏
Has it been opened? 开封了吗
Nope. 没有
Then why is it covered in tape and what
appears to be teeth marks?那为什么用胶带缠住 而且上面还有牙印
Okay. 好吧
I'm gonna level with you. 我跟你说实话吧
We bought this game by accident. 我们买这游戏就是个意外
And then, Jake here.. 然后呢 这位杰克
Accidentally opened it. 又意外地打开了它
And then we accidentally played it for six
hours.最后我们又意外地玩了六个小时
Guys, I'm sorry, you can't return this. 伙计们 抱歉了 这个不能退了
Oh, no, we don't want to return it. 噢 不是的 我们没想退货
We want to exchange it.. 我们只想用它来换些
For money. 钱
N e x t . 下一位
Oh, this is bad. 噢 这下完了
What am I gonna do? 我该怎么办
Only thing you can do. 只能这么办了
You gotta steal the doll. 偷娃娃
Steal the doll? But that's wrong. 偷娃娃 这可是大错特错
Well, exactly. You know the old saying, "two
wrongs make a right."此话不假 你知道古人云 “错错得对”
No, it's "two wrongs don't make a right." 不是这么说的 应该是“错上加错”
O h . 噢
Well, then, you know the other old saying.. 好吧 那你肯定听说过另外一句
'"Sometimes you gotta steal a doll." “偷娃娃乃人之常情”
I'm not gonna steal the doll. 我不会去偷娃娃的
Well, can we at least steal candy? 好吧 那至少能偷点儿糖吗
N o . 不Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第1 9页/共3 5页
Then what's the point of even going to the
s t o r e ?那我们来商店的目的为何
Serenade! 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
耶 Yeah. 
O h . 噢
Well.. 好了
Hope you learned something from the whole
car-buying experience.希望你从这次的买车之行学到些经验
Sure did, Dad. 那是当然了 老爸
What's that, son? 学到什么了 儿子
Can't we just leave it at a "sure did, Dad"? 能不能就说到“那是当然了 老爸”而止
I'm talking about the negotiation . 我说的是谈判经验
Look.. 听着
Someday you're gonna have a family of your
own.将来你也会有自己的家庭
And you're gonna have to buy a new car. 你也会去买车的
w r o n g s : ad v.错误地; n.坏事; adj.错误的; negotiation: n.谈判;转让;顺利的通过;
And you know what you're gonna say to your
kid?你知道该对你的孩子说什么吗
The car doesn't fit in the garage? 车太大了 车库装不下
W h a t ? 什么
Then I'll say, "it's not my fault, son." 然后我会说“这不是我的错 儿子”
I learned all this from your grandpa Bob." “我全是从你爷爷那里学的”
And he'll say, "oh, that explains it." 然后他会说“噢 怪不得”
Then we'll laugh and get ice cream. 然后我们会开怀大笑 一起去买冰激淋
Well, you asked. 怎么了 是你刚才问的
Then everybody was being really mean to
you.然后大家都对你很恶毒
But don't you worry, I did what I always do. 但是不要担心 唯独我还是和以往一样宠爱你

Fought bravely to make things right. 勇于搏斗 让世界更美好
Charlie, you have the best Mommy in the
world.查莉 你有这个世界上最好的妈妈
Even in a dream. 即使在梦里Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 0页/共3 5页
Charlie? 查莉
I made you a special birthday lunch. 我给你做了独特的生日午餐
It's in the kitchen. 就在厨房里
Let's go get it. 快去吧
耶 Y a y . 
Okay, um, Mom.. 好了 妈
I was just wondering about Charlie's birthday
party.我还是有些担心查莉的生日派对
Oh, honey. 噢 宝贝
I have to rest. 我需要休息
Would you please take care of that for me? 你能帮我照顾一下吗
Yeah, I got it. 好的 包我身上
Everything you need to know is in a file in the
kitchen.所有你想知道的事情 都在厨房的一个文件夹里

Got it. 明白
Teddy, you have really been there for me,
and I just..泰迪 你一直这么支持我 我真的
I'm just so thankful, and.. 我真的很感激 而且
You're my rock. 你是我的依靠
I don't know what I'd do without you. 我不知道没了你该怎么办
Yeah. 好了
How are the hormones , Mom? 荷尔蒙在作怪吧 老妈
All over the place. 井喷了
Charlie, how'd you like your special pony-
shaped sandwich?查莉 那个小马形状的三明治怎么样啊
All right. Well. 好吧 好吧
Glad I spent an hour cutting it out. 亏我花了一个小时来切出形状
P a r t y  folder . 派对文件夹
Hey, Charlie, come with me. 嘿 查莉 跟我来
Ready? Oh! I got 'cha. 好了吗 噢 我抱住你了
Okay. 好了
W h a t ? 什么
Mom forgot to mail the invitations ? 老妈忘了寄邀请函了
hormones: n.[生理]激素; (hormone的复数); f o l d e r : n.文件夹;折叠机;折叠式印刷品;
invitations: n.邀请函;邀约(invitation的复数);
Do you know what this means? 你知道这意味着什么吗
N o . 不知道Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 1页/共3 5页
Good. 很好
You wait here. I'll be right back. 你在这儿等着 我马上回来
Dad, hi. Okay. 爸 嗨 听着
Big problem.. So you know how Mom's been
kinda spacey with the pregnancy ?出大事了 你知道老妈因为怀孕而变得有点儿老
年痴呆吧
Well, she forgot to plan Charlie's birthday
party.这下好了 她忘了筹备查莉的生日派对了
You think you got problems? 你以为就你有问题了吗
The garage is 31 inches too short. 车库短了三十一英寸
Oh, the garage is too short? 噢 车库太短了
Now it's the garage's fault? 现在成了车库的错了
Yeah, car-buying expert here didn't measure
t h e . .好吧 买车专家居然没有测量
She doesn't need to know the details. 她没必要知道那么多细节
She has her own situation. 她还有自己的麻烦呢
Didn't you hear? Mom made a big, dumb
mistake.没听刚才说的吗 你妈犯了个又傻又大的错误

Well, so what.. What am I gonna do? 那 那我该怎么办
Charlie's in there waiting for her party. 查莉还等着她的派对呢
Okay, all right. Give me, uh.. 好吧 好了 给我 呃
Give me a minute to think. 给我点儿时间想想
Uh, bu.. Bu. Bu.. Ba.. 呃 叭 叭 叭 叭
Okay.. 有了
Give me another minute. 再多给我点儿时间
Well, I.. 我
I guess I could try calling some of Charlie's
friends.也许我可以给查莉的一些朋友打电话
See if they can come over. 看看他们是不是能过来
Pick up a cake at the store.. 在商店买个蛋糕
Before you buy the cake.. 在你买蛋糕之前
You might wanna measure the fridge . 你最好量一下冰箱的尺寸
Know what I'm saying, Dad? 明白我的意思吗 老爸
Hi uh, Mrs. Dickson, it's Teddy Duncan
calling.嗨 呃 迪克逊夫人吗 我是泰迪·邓肯啊Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 2页/共3 5页
Listen, so I'm throwing together a little l a s t -
minute birthday party for Charlie, and I was
just wondering if Megan could come.说个事 我在给查莉办一个 死马当活马医派对
我想让梅根过来参加啊
Oh. Chicken pox. 噢 出水痘了
spacey: 古怪的; pregnancy: n.怀孕;丰富,多产;意义深长; fridge: 冰 箱
Poor little thing. 好可怜啊
But, you know, she doesn't have to stay for
long.但是 她不用呆很长时间的
Okay. 好吧
Okay, I understand. 好了 我理解
Oh, you know what? 噢 说到这儿
As long as I've got you.. 既然正和你聊着呢
Is there any chance that Mr. Dickson is a.. 请问迪克逊先生能不能
I s  a  clown or a magician, or.. 扮演下小丑或者魔术师啥的
Hello? 喂
Hi um, is this Cake World? 嗨 呃 是蛋糕世界吗
Yeah, yeah, hi. 对 对 嗨
I need a cake. Um.. 我要订个蛋糕 呃
You're out of cake? 蛋糕卖完了
You realize you're called "Cake World." 你知道你们叫“蛋糕世界”吗
Which means, right now, you're just "world." 也就是说 现在 你们只剩“世界”了
Yeah, well, I don't like your attitude, either. 怎么了 我也不喜欢你的态度
Hello? 喂
Hi, uh.. Hi, is this "Al's Amazing Animals"? 嗨 呃 嗨 是“艾尔惊奇动物商店”吗
Yeah um, listen, I know that it's last minute,
but I'm trying to put together this birthday
party.好的 呃 听着 我知道有点儿仓促 但是我正在搞
一个派对
What's the most amazing animal you've got? 你们那里还有什么能让人惊奇的动物吗
A monkey who does tricks for cake. 给吃蛋糕才表演的猴子
Yeah, we're gonna have a problem. 好吧 有个问题
Um, by any chance.. 呃 有没有可能
Does the monkey come with its own cake? 可以让猴子自带蛋糕过来
Hello? 喂
Who's coming to my party? 有谁来我的派对
You know, I'm really not sure. 跟你说吧 我也不知道Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 3页/共3 5页
Hey, you know who might be fun to have at
your party?嘿 你知道谁希望来你的派对吗
Who? 谁
The kids from the playground. 操场上的孩子
耶 Y a y ! 
What kids? 什么孩子
Well, we won't know until we get there. 这个嘛 到那里见分晓
耶 Y a y ! 
Okay, that's as far as I can go. 好了 我到头儿了
How's she looking? 她怎么样了
It's a she? 女的吗
How can you tell? 你怎么知道的
Could you just press the button? 你能按下按钮吗
All right, here it goes. 好吧 我这就去
Looking good. 还好
Looking good. 还好
So close. 差一点儿
PJ was right. PJ说的没错
The squares aren't as much fun as the sticks. 块儿的没有条儿的有乐趣
c l o w n : 小 丑
But I'm gonna eat some more anyway. 我还是再来点儿吧
So, what are you gonna do? 现在 你该怎么办
Well, what choice do I have? I have to tell my
Dad the truth.我能怎么办 和我爸说实话呗
The truth? Dude, that game messed you up. 实话 老兄 你玩游戏玩傻了吧
You know, if you came in and shared some
of the blame, they'd probably go easier on
m e .知道吗 如果你和我一起进去 共背罪名 他们还
有可能从轻发落我
Guess we'll never know. 还是把悬念留下去吧
Gotta admit.. 不得不承认
I like that kid's style. 我欣赏这孩子的做事风格
Okay, you. You stay right where you are. 好了 你 你给我老实的呆着
Little more. Stop! 再来点儿 停
Little more. 再来点儿
Stop! 停
Little more. 再来点儿
Stop! 停Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 4页/共3 5页
Okay. 好的
We're getting there. 快好了
No, we're not! 没有 这个好不了
This is ridiculous. 这太荒唐了
Dad, calm down. 爸 冷静
No, that's it! That's it! 不 够了 够了
I'm done. Done! 我烦了 烦了
Taking this tank back to the.. Dealer ! 把这大家伙开回经销商那里
Dealer's that way. 经销商在那个方向
Oh! Oh! 噢 噢
It looks bad from this side, too. 从这边看 也惨不忍睹
Dad, I have to tell you some.. 爸 我跟你说
It can wait. 待会吧
Hey, Dad. 嘿 老爸
Great news. 好消息啊
Garage door closes. 车库门能关上了
Guys, Charlie's birthday party is.. 同志们 查莉的派对
Not our biggest problem. 不是我们最严重的问题
Why do you keep saying, "uh-oh"? 你怎么一直喊“欧欧”
Why do you think? 你觉着呢
The baby's coming. 要生了
Oh! -Okay, all right. 噢 -好了 明白了
We gotta get Mom to the hospital. 我们要送你妈上医院
Come on, honey. Get in the car. 来 亲爱的 赶快上车
Car's in the wall, Bob. 车在墙里呢 老鲍
Come on, I'll drive. Ed's out front. 来吧 我来开车 艾德在门外呢
Ed? Who's Ed? 艾德 艾德是谁
That's the name of my car. 我的车的名字
Ed? So is that short for uh, Edward? 艾德 谁的小名 艾德华
Edgar? Edwin? 埃德加 爱德温
Ed.. Ed.. -Bigger issues, PJ! 艾德 艾德 -救人要紧 PJ
Okay, we really need to go. 好了 我们必须要走了
Okay, come on. 好的 来吧
You guys have to throw Charlie her birthday
party.你们要给查莉办好生日派对Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 5页/共3 5页
messed: 弄脏;弄乱(mess的过去式和过去分词); Dealer: n.经销商; n.发牌员; n.[俚语]毒品贩子,贩毒
者 ;
I'm gonna drive Mom to the hospital. 我来开车送老妈上医院
Oh, why do we always get the hard things? 噢 为什么总把艰巨的任务交给我们
You know.. 知道吗
I always thought you would be the first one to
drive a car into the kitchen.我总以为你是第一个把车开进厨房的人
Me, too. 我也是
Hey, how you doing, honey? 嘿 感觉怎么样了 亲爱的
It'd be a lot better if you were quiet! 如果你能闭嘴就更好了
She wants me to be quiet. 她想让我闭嘴
Gotta be quiet. Why can't I be quiet? 我要闭嘴 我怎么就闭不上嘴
Dad, were you this panicky when the rest of
us were born?爸 当初我们出生的时候你也这么慌吗
Uh.. No. 呃 不是
Because the first four times we did this, we
were at a hospital!因为前四次 我们都是提前进医院生的
We did this, yeah. 我们生的 说得真好
Yeah, you wanna take over?! 你给我生一次试试
Okay, everybody relax. 好了 大家请冷静
We're on our way. We're gonna be there
shortly.我们正往那里赶呢 我们能尽快赶到的
Right after this.. Slight delay. 先处理一下这个 小问题
You're outta gas. 没油了
You're outta gas! Aw, Teddy. 车没油了 泰迪
How could you be so irresponsible ? ! 你怎么能这么不靠谱
Says the guy who drove a car into our
kitchen.你可是把车开进厨房的人
Close your eyes. There you go. 闭上眼睛 没错
Okay. 好了
Ready? 准备
Keep 'em closed. 别睁开
Okay. And.. Surprise! 好的 准备 生日快乐
H e y ! 嘿
Look who came to your party, Charlie. 看看都谁来参加你的派对了
Three of your oldest and bestest friends. 三个最熟识最要好的朋友
Tennis ball head. 网球头Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 6页/共3 5页
Scary clown. 恐怖小丑
A h ! 啊
And.. 还有
Badly-damaged monkey. 残疾猴
I.. I don't think she likes it. 我 我觉着她不喜欢这些
Well, she's.. She's about to. 这个 她 她会喜欢的
Oh, okay. -Because.. 噢 好的 -因为
Ta-da! 看啊
Happy Birthday! 生日快乐
It's your special birthday cake. 这是你的特别生日蛋糕
That's not cake. 这不是蛋糕
It's your special birthday bagel . 是特别生日百吉饼
p a n i c k y : adj.恐慌的;惊慌失措的; irresponsible: adj.不负责任的;不可靠的; b a g e l : n.百吉饼 (体育比
赛中)零蛋;
Mm, bagel. Tennis ball head's. Favorite. 恩 百吉饼 网球头的最爱
Where's my present? 我的礼物呢
Yeah, did you get the Kuddle Me Katie doll? 是啊 你买到凯蒂洋娃娃了吗
What is this, "60 minutes"? Just enjoy the
party.你搞毛啊 这又不是访谈节目 享受下派对不成
吗
Charlie.. We have got some really fun party
games planned.查莉 我们弄了一些有趣的生日派对游戏
L i k e . . 比如
Watching TV! 看电视
耶 Y a y ! 
I  w a n t  princesses . 我想看公主
Really? 是吗
Uh, did Mommy promise you a Princess? 呃 妈咪批准你看公主了吗
Mommy said, "two princesses, please." 妈咪说 “两位公主”
All right, you heard her, Princess. 好吧 你听到她说的了 公主
Make it happen. 快去实现吧
Mommy said two. 妈咪说要两位公主
Just breathe. 深呼吸
I'm sure Dad will find us a ride soon. 我确信老爸会找来车的
Yeah, because he's so good with cars? 是吗 难道因为他对车很在行吗
Hey, sorry it took so long. 嘿 抱歉久等了
You went for ice cream at a time like this? 这个时候你还买冰淇淋Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 7页/共3 5页
Uh, well.. 呃 这个嘛
Actually, the ice cream came to me. 事实是 冰淇淋找到的我
You're taking me to the hospital in an ice
cream truck?你用冰淇淋车送我去医院
You said to flag down the first thing I saw. 你说让我看见什么车就截什么车
Oh what's the matter, the giant hot dog
wouldn't stop?噢 出问题了吗 难道热狗车不停吗
Yeah. 是啊
Okay. 别说了
Push, Teddy. 推 泰迪
Welcome aboard Mustachio Pete's, the ice
cream truck with the pistachio treats.欢迎登陆大胡子皮特号 坐冰淇淋车吃开心果

FYI, pistachio has been discontinued . 提醒一下 开心果已经停止供应了
Bob, I need to lie down. 老鲍 我需要躺下
Okay. -You can use that bean bag chair. 好的 -你可以躺在豆袋椅上
It's where Mustachio Pete takes his 10 minute
breaks..那就是大胡子皮特小憩时候用的
Which Mustachio Pete is allowed by law. 大胡子皮特是按照规定才休息的
You're not gonna keep referring to yourself in
the third person, are you?你不会一直用第三人称来提到自己吧
princesses: n.公主(princess的复数形式);王妃; M u s t a c h i o : n.髭(等于mustache); pistachio: n . 阿 月
浑子果实;阿月浑子树;淡草绿色; discontinued: adj.停止使用的; v.停止; (discontinue的过去分词);
Yes, he is. 会的 他会的
That's Mustachio Pete's trademark . 这就是大胡子皮特的特点
That, and the pistachio, which, FYI.. 还有开心果 提醒一下
Has been discontinued. 已经停止供应了
We get.. We.. Okay. Come on, honey. 我们知道了 好了 进来吧 亲爱的
If things get bad back there, bite down on a
rocket pop.如果痛得难受了 就咬一下火箭
Ooh, cool, I will. 噢 好的 我会的
He meant me! 他说的是我
Can we get going? It's an emergency. 能走了吗 情况很紧急的
Emergency? 紧急
This calls for the fast-paced m u s i c . 那我要配上极速音乐了
Ready, Charlie? 准备好了吗 查莉
It's Princess time! 公主时间到Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 8页/共3 5页
I seem to have lost my sister Princess. 我好像弄丢了我的公主妹妹
Excuse me. 请稍等
Get out there! -But I feel stupid! 快出来 -我感觉好白痴
You think I don't? -You're used to it! 你以为我不白痴吗 -你已经习惯了
G o ! 出去
Dance, Princess. 跳舞啊 公主
Left.. And right. 左边 再右边
And we cast a spell. 施个咒
And we twirl and we twirl. 转啊 转啊
And we curtsy ! 行屈膝礼
Look at that smile. 看看笑的多开心
We gotta go again. 我们要再跳一边
W h a t ? 什么
But, this time, stay with me. 但是 这次 跟上我的节奏
And five, six, seven, eight. 五 六 七 八
Left, right.. 左 右
Can't you go any faster? 你能再开快点儿吗
We're already doing 23. 已经二十三迈了
I'm giving her all she's got. 已经是极速了
Okay. 好吧
Baby's close. How much further? 快生了 还有多远
You're not helping yourself to any freebies
back there, are you, Bob?你是不是吃了后面的免费赠品啊 鲍伯
I'm a stress eater , Pete. 我一有压力就要吃 皮特
You don't have to tell me about stress. 你不用跟我讲压力
The ice cream truck business is dog-eat-dog
.冰淇淋业就是弱肉强食啊
trademark: n.商标;标志; twirl: vt.使快速转动,使快速旋转; n.转动,旋转; c u r t s y : vi.行屈膝礼;n.屈膝
礼 ;  freebies: 免费赠品(freebie的复数); eater: n.食者;
I got Side Burn Sam nipping a t  m y  heels .鬓角山姆一直抢我的生意
Could we just focus on the road, Pete? 我们能把注意力放在路上吗 皮特
But both princesses are so beautiful. 但是这两位公主都太漂亮了
How could I ever choose just one to be my
w i f e ?我怎能从中选一位成为我的妻子呢
Dude, that's your line. 老弟 该你了
Oh, right. 噢 对Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第2 9页/共3 5页
Well, I guess there's only one way. 这个嘛 我猜只有一个办法了
See whose foot fits the magic slipper . 看看谁能穿进魔法水晶拖鞋
Okay. 好的
'Tis not I whose foot doth fit the slipper. 看来我穿不进去这只拖鞋
Yes, 'tis not me, either. 是的 我也穿不进去
But, sister Princess, you have not tried on the
slipper.但是 公主小妹 你还没试呢
I doth not want to. 我不想试
Oh, yeth you will. 噢 你会的
Or I will hurteth you. 不然我就要揍你了
With my fitht. 用我的拳头
Oh, joy. 噢 好开心啊
It fits. 穿进去了
My bride! 娘子
At long last I have found you. 我可算寻到你了
And they s e a l  their love.. With a kiss. 然后他们献上了定情之吻
Okay, we're done! 好了 演完了
Yeah, not quite. 没有 还没完
We're gonna go again from the top. 我们再从头来一遍
Maybe you'll get it right this time. 也许你这次能演对了
A h ! 啊
H e y . . 嘿
I'm gonna need your help back here. 我需要你来后面帮忙
Dad, I don't know how to deliver a baby. 老爸 我不会接生啊
Honey, you just gotta help me. 宝贝 你要帮帮我啊
All alone back here! Just sayin'. 留我一个人在后面 我说说而已
Okay. 好吧
How you doing, Mom? -Hey. 你还好吧 老妈 -嘿
This baby is coming now. 孩子马上就要出来了
Then.. 那就
Let's have a baby. 来迎接宝宝吧
Okay, Teddy. 好了 泰迪
Here we go. 开始吧
Oh, wow. 噢 哇
Well, hello, number five. 你好啊 邓肯五号
What a beautiful baby boy. 多么可爱的小男孩啊Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第3 0页/共3 5页
Isn't he precious? 是不是很可爱
We got here as fast as we could. 我们以最快速度赶到了
nipping: adj.锋利的; v.夹紧; (nip的ing形式); heels: n.高跟鞋 v.紧跟; (heel的三单形式); slipper: n .
拖鞋;vt.用拖鞋打; d o t h : v.做;从事;整理(do的三单形式); seal: n.密封;
嗨 H i . 
There's the birthday girl. 小寿星来了
Happy Birthday. 生日快乐
Charlie, come here. 查莉 过来
Meet your new baby brother. 见见你的小弟弟
Brother? 小弟弟
Cool. 酷
Hey, what name did you pick? 嘿 取名字了吗
Well, we decided to call him.. 取了 我们决定叫他
Toby . 托比
H e y . 嘿
I came up with that one. Nice. 是我以前提出来的 漂亮
Welcome to the world, Toby Duncan. 欢迎来到这个世界上 托比·邓肯
Hey, quick question. 嘿 问个问题
Why are you guys dressed like that? 你们俩怎么穿成这样
Oh, because.. 噢 因为
Mom promised Charlie princesses for her
party.老妈答应查莉在派对上要有公主
I never promised Charlie princesses. 我没有答应过查莉啊
Charlie, did you trick us? 查莉 你耍我们吗
Sweetie, did you get your special birthday
present, Kuddle Me Katie?宝贝 你拿到了你的特殊生日礼物 凯蒂洋娃娃
了吗
No, Mommy. 没有 妈咪
What? Why not? 什么 为什么
Bob? 老鲍
Gabe? 盖比
PJ PJ? 
Teddy? 泰迪
Gabe? 盖比
Sweetie, I'm sorry. 宝贝 真抱歉
Wasn't much of a birthday, was it? 这个生日不是很满意 对吧
That's okay, Mommy. 没事的 妈咪Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第3 1页/共3 5页
Now, don't you worry. We will get you your
special present.现在 不用担心 我们会送你一个特殊礼物的

I like this present. 我喜欢这个礼物
Okay, listen up. Here's the plan. 好了 听好了 计划是这样的
So, when they come through the front door,
you guys..当他们从前门进来的时候 你们俩
Are gonna hold up this banner. 拿着这个横幅
Here. Take that. 给 拿着
And Charlie, you're gonna give Mommy these
balloons .查莉呢 你要送给妈咪这些气球
And I'm gonna blow the noisemaker . 我来吹小喇叭
And then we're all gonna sing "welcome
home, Toby"然后我们要唱“欢迎回家 托比”
To the tune of the rock classic.. "Our House." 配合那首摇滚经典歌曲 “我们的家”的曲调

Why do you get to blow the noisemaker? 为什么你来吹小喇叭
And why are we making such a big deal outta
t h i s ?还有我们为什么总搞得这么隆重
They bring a new baby home like every six
months.感觉他们平均六个月就会带回来一个孩子

T o b y : n.托比(男子名);矮胖老人形啤酒杯; balloons: 汽球(balloon的复数) noisemaker: n.会高声喧
闹的人;
This is what we always do. 这是我们的传统
We did it for Charlie. 我们也这么迎接过查莉
Did you do it for me? 迎接我的时候有什么
Uh.. Yeah. 呃 是啊
You're lying! -No, I'm not. 你在撒谎 -没有 我没有
Yeah, you are. 是的 你撒谎
You.. You know what? If you didn't do it for
me, I'm not doing it for Toby.你 知道吗 如果你没有为我做这些 我也不为托
比做
No matter how cool his name is. 不管他的名字有多酷
Gabe, just pick up the stupid banner and join
in this very touching family celebration!盖比 赶紧捡起这白痴横幅 然后赶紧加入到这
感人的家庭庆典中
You can't make me. 你不能强迫我
Well, if he's not gonna do it, I'm not gonna do
i t .好吧 如果他不做 我也不做了
And if we not all gonna do it together.. 如果我们不一起的话Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第3 2页/共3 5页
... It looks like Charlie could have made it. 感觉查莉可以干这些活儿
Good to be home. 到家真好
This is what it's all about, isn't it? Now I see.. 就是这样 对不对 现在我明白
So let me show you around. 让我带你四处逛逛
This is your home, Toby. Yeah. 这就是你的家 托比 是啊
This is the living room. 这里是客厅
And this is your family. 这是你的家人
Tell me who's your angel. 告诉我谁是你的天使
Who's your shoulder, to hold your boulders .谁的肩膀 为你扛着重担
Tell me when it's raining. 告诉我下雨时
Who will warm you. 是谁提醒你
Who will hold you. 是谁抱住你
You might be broken. 你也许会体无完肤
With all these cracks in your skin. 伤心欲绝
You might be broken that's where the light
g e t s  i n .伤心之处 必有光芒照进
You're something beautiful, beautiful,
beautiful.你是如此美丽 美丽 美丽
You're something beautiful, beautiful,
beautiful.你是如此美丽 美丽 美丽
And I just want you to know. You to know.
You to know.我只想让你知道 让你知道 让你知道
That you're not alone. 你并不孤独
You're not alone. 你并不孤独
Hey, what you doing? 嘿 你干啥呢
Giving Toby a proper welcome home. 给托比介绍下咱们家
Well, Charlie, it's been kind of a big week. 好了 查莉 这周绝对不平凡
b o u l d e r s : n.岩石;[建]大卵石(boulder的复数形式); cracks: n.[高分子]裂缝,裂纹; v.使破裂; (crack的
三单形式);
I uh, I helped deliver a baby.. 我 呃 我帮忙接生个宝宝
Our little brother, Toby.. 我们的小弟弟 托比
And you finally got your Kuddle Me Katie. 而你最终得到了凯蒂洋娃娃
Which you lost interest in five minutes after
you got it.你五分钟之后就玩腻了
Doesn't matter, Gabe's still paying for it. 没关系的 盖比还是会付出代价的
He worked out a little agreement with Mom
and Dad.他已经和老爸老妈协商好了Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第3 3页/共3 5页
Gabe! Diaper change! 盖比 换尿布
And it's a doozy . 这次臭臭的
Coming. 来了
Wish him good luck, Charlie. 祝他好运吧 查莉
Isn't he adorable? 好可爱啊
Oh, little Toby. 噢 小托比
He sure is. 当然了
Oh, by the way, what's his middle name? 噢 对了 他的中间名是什么
Wan-Kenobi. 旺·肯诺比
Toby Wan-Kenobi? 托比·旺·肯诺比
Yeah. Yup, your Dad's a big fan of the
m o v i e s .是啊 是啊 你老爸是“星球大战”的忠实影迷

Speaking of, where is Dad? 说到你老爸 他在哪呢
I'm ready to go home. 我准备回家了
He said he was just going to pull the car up. 他说他去停车了
Here he is now. 现在他到了
Hey! Ready to go hun? 嘿 准备好了吗
Yes, babe how did you do that? 好了 乖乖 你是怎么办到的
We're on the eighth floor. 我们在八层
Hey, this baby's got some pick-up . 嘿 这宝贝不一般啊
Yeah. 是啊
Serenade! 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
PJ Darth Duncan! PJ·达斯·邓肯
You're going to wake your baby brother. 你要吵醒你的小弟弟了
Oh, sorry. 噢 抱歉
Serenade! 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
Serenade! 小夜曲
Diaper: n.尿布;vt.给孩子换尿布; doozy: n.极好的东西; adj.非常显眼的;
************************************************************************************************** 
 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第3 4页/共3 5页
Good Luck Charlie S03E07&E08
第3 5页/共3 5页