
Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
Well, Charlie, here we are in our hotel room,
and we're not on vacation.好的 查莉 我们现在在宾馆 只是我们并不是在
度假
Confused? Well, get comfortable, because it's
a  doozy .想不通吗 放轻松吧 原因很不寻常
Charlie, get out of the bathroom! 查莉 快从洗手间里出来
In a minute! 就快了
Hey. Come on, guys. Huh? 嘿 拜托啦 各位
Not so bad. Kind of an adventure. 也没有很糟糕啦 算是一种历险吧
Oh, save it. - Be quiet! Shut up. 拜托 省省吧 -安静点 闭嘴吧
Come on. I'm just trying to make the best of
i t .拜托 我只是想尽力做到最好
Because you caused it. - Not totally my fault. 因为事情由你而起 -也不全是我的错
Then whose fault was it? - I'll get back to you
on that.那还能是谁的问题 -我想想再回答你
U g h .  Teddy , I need a hand. 啊 泰迪 帮我一下
So how we got here is kind of a long story. 至于我们是怎么落魄至此 那就说来话长了

Let's just say this is the worst day in Duncan
family history.我们暂且说今天是邓肯家族史上最黑暗的一天
吧
Teddy, now! - I'm coming! 泰迪 快来 -来啦
To be continued. 未完待续
Oh. You hear that, Toby ? 哦 听到了吗 托比
It's called quiet. 这叫做安静
Enjoy it while you can, because in this house
it doesn't last long.安静在这房子里转瞬即逝 趁它还在时好好享受
吧
Mom! - Hmm? Told you. 妈妈 -嗯 告诉过你吧
Why is Toby's crib in my room? 托比的摇篮为什么在我房间里
Because you two are sharing a room now. 因为你们俩要睡一个房间了
We talked about this. - No, we didn't. 我们说好了的 -我们没有啊
We didn't? Oh, well, Toby and I talked, and
he's fine with it.没有吗 哦 反正我和托比说过了 他没意见

I... I can't share a room with a baby. 我不能和婴儿共住一个房间Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1页/共3 1页
I'm a teenager now. I need my own space. 我是个青少年了 我需要私人空间
Well, I'm sorry, honey, but we only have so
many rooms.好吧 孩子我很抱歉 但我们只有这么多房间

Besides, you love Toby. 再说了 你很爱托比啊
doozy: n.极好的东西; adj.非常显眼的; Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊 T o b y : n.托比(男子名);矮胖老人形啤酒杯;
c r i b :n.婴儿床;
This isn't about love. This is about square
footage .这不是爱不爱的问题 这事关房屋面积
Well, if it makes it any easier, 好吧 如果这么说能让你好受点的话
Toby's about the same age you were when
you moved in with P.J.你住进PJ房间时的年龄和托比现在差不多

Yeah, but with me and P.J., the little brother
was in charge.是啊 不过和PJ在一起时 是弟弟我掌大权

That ain't happening with us. 这不适用于我们
Oh... aren't you adorable ? 哦 你太可爱了
Stop that, Gabe! Stay strong. 停下来 盖比 坚定信念
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
I've been there, I've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future's bright 可是我知道你会有美好将来
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There's no maybe 不要怀疑
Everything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Sure life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me it comes back around 但是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, baby. 宝贝 不要放弃
Good Luck Charlie S03E21 All Fall Down 查莉成长日记 第三季第二十一集（本季完）

Oh, hey, P.J. you are a good cook. 哦 PJ 你厨艺不错Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2页/共3 1页
Could you taste this and tell me what you
think?能尝一下这个怎么样吗
S u r e . 好啊
呃 Um... 
What is it? 这是什么
Well, that's not a good question. 啊 这问题真没水平
It's New England clam chowder . 这是新英格兰蛤蜊浓汤
Ah. Well, I'm not getting any chowder... 啊 那个 我没尝出浓汤味
footage: n.英尺长度;连续镜头;以尺计算长度; adorable: adj.可爱的;可敬重的,值得崇拜的; G r a b : v t .
攫取; n.攫取; gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto) c l a m : vi.捞蛤; n.蛤; c h o w d e r : n.(美)杂脍;海鲜杂烩浓
汤 ;
O r  clams . 也没有蛤蜊
Or even England. 甚至不英格兰
It is new, though. 不过 新倒是新的
Oh man! 拜托啊
I wanted to make Spencer a special
welcome-home lunch.我只是想为斯宾塞做一顿特别的欢迎回家午餐

He was visiting BIPA. 他去访问比帕了
BIPA, the Boston Institute of Performing
A r t s .比帕 波士顿表演艺术学院的缩写
He's hoping to go there next Fall. 他明年秋天想去那里就读
There he is. Hey, um, do you think you could
rescue this?他已经到了 嘿 你能改良一下这个吗
No problem. - Thank you. 没问题 -谢谢
Step one. 第一步
Oh! I'm so glad you're home. 哦 太好啦 你回来了
So how was BIPA? - Supa. 在比帕怎么样 -超级好哇
It's how they say "super" in Boston. 在波士顿他们是这么说 超级好 的
I know. Hey, you wanna hear how they say,
"go park your car in Harvard Y a r d " ?我知道的 嘿 你想知道他们怎么说 去把车停到
哈佛大学停车场 的吗
'"Pahk your cah in hahvahd yahd". 去把车哇停到哈佛大学停车场哇
Supa. 超级好哇
Mine's better. 我的更好笑
So hey, how was it? 所以呢 怎么样
Oh my gosh, the school is amazing. 天哪 那所学校太好了
I mean, I loved it. - That's awesome . 真的 我爱上那里了 -那很好啊
So when do you find out if you got in? 那你什么时候能知道录取结果呢Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第3页/共3 1页
I already found out. 我已经知道了
They accepted me. 我被录取了
Way to go, boyfriend! 很好啊 甜心
Oh yeah, uh-huh. 哦太好了
Why am I the only one doing a happy dance? 为什么只有我在跳开心舞
Well, because... because there's one other
thing.那是因为还有一件事情
Um, they want me to start a little early. 嗯 他们想让我早入学一点
Well, like how early? 要有多早
Monday . 星期一
What? - Yeah, it's called early enrollment .什么 -没错 这叫提前入学
They have a space available and if I want it, I
have to take it right now.他们现在有一个空的学位 如果我想去上学 就
必须尽快
c l a m s : n.蛤蚌;沉默寡言的人(clam的复数形式); Spencer: n.前桅,纵帆;针织短上衣; Boston: n.波士顿
(美国城市); Harvard: n.哈佛大学;哈佛大学学生; awesome: adj.令人敬畏的; M o n d a y : 星期一
enrollment: n.登记;入伍;
But you haven't finished high school. 但你还没念完高中啊
Yeah, I know, but I already have enough
credits to graduate.是这样的 不过我的学分已经足够毕业了
W o w . 哇
This is... 那真是
W o w . 哇哦
Hey, Teddy... 嘿 泰迪
I haven't made my decision yet. I mean, I
wanted to talk to you first.我还没最后决定呢 我是说 我想先和你谈谈

What do you think? 你怎么看
I don't know. I'm just kind of in shock. 我不知道啊 我只是觉得有点突然
Yeah, me too. 我也是
Who's ready for some delicious New England
chicken noodle chowder?谁想来点芬香飘溢的新英格兰杂脍鸡肉面

Denver Omelet ? 西式蛋饼呢
Guys, guys, I had an unbelievable day at
work.各位 今天的工作真是难以置信啊
Wait until I tell you what happened. 我来讲讲发生了什么吧
Oh, I think I hear Toby. 哦 我好像听见托比在哭了
Baby's right there. 他就在那Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第4页/共3 1页
Oh, then I think I hear Charlie. - Charlie's at a
play date.哦 那我就是听到查莉了 -查莉出去玩了
I'm trying to get out of a bug story, work with
me here.我就是不想听这个关于虫子的故事 帮帮我

Okay. So I'm doing a routine spray job over
at the Andersons'...好啦 我本来在安德逊家做一个日常的喷药工作

They have a monthly maintenance package,
so that means I go every other Tuesday .他们买了包月维护套装 所以我每周二都去那

So the first Tuesday is perimeter , the
second Tuesday's interior.第一次是周边 第二次是里面
I think I hear the doorbell . - Oh no, you
don't.我好像听到门铃在响 -才没呢
Anyway, long story short... 总之 长话短说
I captured these bad boys. - Ugh. 我抓到了这些小坏蛋 -啊
Huh? 什么
Brazilian termites. 巴西白蚁
Very rare, very destructive and they've
never been found in North America...非常罕见 破坏力极强而且在北美洲从未被发现

c r e d i t s : n.学分 v.相信; (credit的三单形式); noodle: 面条,笨蛋, Denver: n.丹佛(地名,美国城市);
Omelet: n.煎蛋卷;炒鸡蛋; T u e s d a y : 星期二 perimeter: n.周长;周界;[眼科]视野计; doorbell: n . 门
铃 ;  destructive: adj.破坏的;毁灭性的;有害的,消极的;
Until now. 直到现在
Well, if they're so destructive, why would you
bring them into our house?他们有如此强的破坏性 为什么要把它拿进咱们
的房子
Our wooden house? 咱们木质的房子
Honey, I'm not an idiot. 亲爱的 我又不是白痴
This container... termite-proof. 这个容器 是有防白蚁设计的
Are you sure? - I am sure. 你确定吗 -十分确定
Besides, it's only gonna be for one night. 再者 这东西只在这里暂放一晚
Tomorrow I'm taking 'em to the University of
Denver.明天我就把它交给丹佛大学
This could land me in the exterminator hall
of fame.这样他们就可以把我供奉在灭虫专家名誉堂里
了
Bob honey, that doesn't exist. 鲍伯亲 那东西并不存在
Honey, yes, it does. It's in Detroit . 亲爱的 有的 它在底特律
Used to be in Cleveland, but they had to
m o v e  i t .它曾坐落于克利夫兰 不过他们得搬走
Rat problem. 老鼠问题Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第5页/共3 1页
So I know that it's a great opportunity, but if
Spencer leaves now, I'm gonna be so sad.我知道这是一个绝佳的机会 但是如果斯宾塞现
在就离开 我会伤心的
We have so many plans for the rest of the
year.我们本来为剩下的时光安排了好多计划
When I get a boyfriend, we're gonna make
bunch of plans too.等我有了男朋友 我们也会有很多计划
Maybe you should make a plan to get a
boyfriend.或许你该计划着先找到个男朋友
Maybe you should make a plan not to tell me
to make a plan.或许你该计划着 别告诉我计划这个
Volleyball friends, huh? 排球队的朋友 哈
Well, one problem at a time. 好 一个一个问题说
So Spencer asked me what I thought he
should do...斯宾塞征求我的意见
And I don't know what to tell him. 我不知道怎么回答他
I think if you're lucky enough to get a
boyfriend, you should never ever let him go...我认为既然你已经足够幸运有男朋友了的话 你
永永远远也别让他离开你
Even if you have to lock him in the basement
and not tell anybody.哪怕你需要偷偷把他锁在地下室里
So... 所以呢
Of course I don't want Spencer to go, but I
also don't want to be the one to keep him
from going.我的确不希望斯宾塞离开 不过我也不希望我是
那个拖他后腿的人
exterminator: n.根除者; (美)职业的消灭害虫者; Detroit: n.底特律(美国一座城市); Volleyball: n . 排
球 ;
Oh man. I wish I had some experience with
these things, but for some reason boys find
me weird and off-putting .天啊 真希望我有关于这方面事情的经验 但不
知为何男生们觉得我古怪又讨人嫌
Not just boys, sweetie. 不只是男生哦 亲爱的
Kelsey, what do you think? 凯西 你怎么看
I think whatever happens is gonna be great. 我觉得不管怎样结果都会很好
But if Spencer goes, then Teddy will be
crushed.如果斯宾塞去的话 泰迪会崩溃的
You make a good point. - And if he doesn't
g o ,有道理 -但是如果不去
he might be miserable. - That's a good point,
too.斯宾塞可能会难过 -你说得也有道理Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第6页/共3 1页
So what are you saying? 那你到底是怎么想的呢
That I agree with everybody. 我觉得她俩说的都对
But you can't agree with everybody. 你只能赞同其中一个
You are absolutely right. 说得太对了
You just did it again! 你又来了
Okay, I've made my decision. 算了 我已经做出决定了
What is it? - I need some new friends. 啥决定 -我得交些新朋友了
My little Deedee just loves playing with your
little Charlie.我家小蒂蒂真的很喜欢和你家小查莉一起玩

O h . 真好
Although, last time she asked me, "why does
Charlie have a boy's name?"不过呢 她上次问我 为啥查莉取了个男生的名
字呢
And I didn't know what to tell her. 我都不知道怎么回答她
Hey, honey. How's your play date going? 小宝贝 你和小伙伴玩得怎么样
Eh. - Mmm. 啊 -哦
Follow up question: Where's Deedee? 第二个问题 蒂蒂在哪呢
In jail. 在监狱里
Final question: What does "jail" mean
exactly?最后一个问题 她说的监狱准确来讲是什么意思

Uh, well, it means, we'd better go check. 呃 意思是 我们还是去看一下吧
Oh, my. 我的天哪
Oh. Oh, Deedee. 哦 我的小蒂蒂
Not funny. - Oh, sorry. 这可不好笑 -哦 不好意思
Oh. - Yeah, you guys go play. 去吧 -嗯 你俩去玩吧
Maybe we should just stay in here with the
girls for a while.我们还是在这儿和姑娘们待一会儿吧
Sounds like a good idea. - Okay, sure. 是个好主意 -那好
Well, at least this will make a good post for
my blog.至少这可以作为我博客的一个好素材
Uh, you have a blog? 你还写博客呢
I call it "Mama Debbie's Daily Doing's". 我的博客叫 黛比妈妈的生活日报
Oh, you're serious. 哎呀 你说真的
You betcha . 那必须的
I post recipes , offer helpful hints ... 我写些食谱啊生活小窍门啊什么的
Share fun things Doug Dooley and I do
together.分享一些和道格·杜利之间的有趣经历Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第7页/共3 1页
Just passing along some of the things I've
learned about motherhood and such.传授母女相处之道之类的
Wow, and you've based this on your vast
experience with one child?哇 这么说你的博客都是基于你养这个孩子的经
历了
And one on the way for a total of two. 加上即将出来的这个 一共俩
Oh. I have a total of five. 我有五个呢
It's not a competition. 这又不是什么竞赛
It wasn't. 之前的确不是
What are you doing down here? - Toby kept
me up all night.你在这干嘛呢 -托比害得我彻夜未眠
Ah. It's called payback. 哈 这就叫因果报应
When you were a baby, you used to make
my life miserable, too.你小时候 我也被你折腾够呛
I will never forget the night I woke up in your
crib and you were in my bed.我永远记得有一次我在你摇篮上醒来而你睡在
我的床上
I still have no idea how you did that. 我到现在都不知道你是怎么做到的
Well, me and Toby sharing a room is not
gonna work.让我和托比住一屋那是绝对不可能的
Something has to be done... now. 我得想想办法 现在就想
Oh! Are you gonna do something bad? 你是要干坏事了么
Because that'd be great... 那样的话就太好了
For me. - What are you talking about? 从我的角度来说 -你说啥呢
Well, I have to break some difficult news to
mom and dad, and they're not gonna be
happy.因为我有个不太好的消息要告诉爸妈 估计他们
知道了会生气
So I was thinking maybe if you got in trouble, 所以我在想如果这会儿你惹出点事
I could sneak my news in and kind of
piggyback on your badness .然后我再跟他们说 就不会把焦点放在我身上了

b e t c h a : 当然,还用问么;真的,的确; recipes: 食谱;方法; hints: n.暗示,提示 v.暗示,示意 (hint的单三形
式 ) ;  Dooley: 甜薯;杜利(地名); motherhood: n.母性;母亲身份;母亲们(总称); piggyback: a d j . 背 着
的; v.在背肩上; n.肩扛; badness: n.坏,恶;不良;恶劣状态;
Well, what's the news? 是什么事呢
Oh, it's nothing. 其实也没什么
You know, I'd get it out of you, but I am way
too tired.其实我很想帮你 但我实在是太困了
So what do you think? 那你是怎么想的
You gonna be getting into trouble anytime
soon?你会很快整出点事的对么Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第8页/共3 1页
I don't know. It's different. 不好说 这是两码事
I'm a teenager now. 我现在可是个青少年了
Well, what kind of attitude is that? 你这是什么态度
T h a t  i s  quitter t a l k . 这次谈话还没完
Brazilian termites. 巴西白蚁
This is the most exciting thing since I
discovered those Ukrainian grub w o r m s  i n
'06.这是自我06年发现乌克兰毛虫之后 最激动人心
的事了
Excuse me, I discovered those. 拜托 那是我发现的
No, I was in the crawl space. 不对 当时我在槽隙中
You were in the port-a-john. 你在一旁看着
Fine. Here. 好吧 给你
Feast your eyes on those little beauties . 好好欣赏这些小家伙吧
I don't see 'em. 我看不到啊
Well, they're in there. - Are you sure? 不就在里面吗 -你确定么
All I see are two little holes. 我只看到两个小洞
H o l e s ? ! 小洞
Oh no. 坏了
No no no! They ate right through the plastic! 不不不 它们把塑料吃了
Oh, this is bad. This is really bad. 出事了 出大事了
Okay, look, we gotta wipe 'em out before
they multiply...听着 咱得在白蚁繁殖之前找到它们
More importantly, before Amy finds out. 更重要的是 要在艾米发现之前
Well, we could tent the place. 我们可以把这地方罩起来
Hey, there you go. 你好聪明啊
She'll never notice a giant gas-filled tarp
covering the house.她怎么会发现罩在屋子上的巨大的充气包呢

Well, then what are we gonna do? 那我们该怎么办
I've got an idea. 我有办法了
To the bug mobile! 去防虫中心
I love when he does that. 我好喜欢他现在这个样子
quitter: n.轻易放弃的人;懒人; Ukrainian: adj.乌克兰的; n.乌克兰人; g r u b : vi.翻掘; n.蛆,幼虫;
beauties: n.美丽,美的东西; t a r p : n.油布;防水布;
Hey, sweetie, can you go get me the jail?
Mommy needs to do laundry .宝贝 你能帮妈妈把监狱拿来不 妈妈要洗衣服
了
Okay. - Thank you, sweetie. 好的 -谢谢你 宝贝
Hi, Charlie. Hey, mom. 嘿 小查莉 嘿 老妈Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第9页/共3 1页
Hey, sweetie. - What you doing? 嘿 亲爱的 -您干嘛呢
Working on my mommy blog. 写我的妈妈博客呢
Mommy blog? That doesn't sound like you. 妈妈博客 听上去不太像您的风格啊
I am gonna kick Debbie Dooley's butt . 我要完胜黛比·杜利
That sounds like you. 这才是您的风格嘛
The only problem is I'm having trouble
coming up with topics.现在唯一困扰我的是文章主题
What kind of stuff does Debbie post about? 那黛比都写些什么呢
Recipes... - Ooh, so that's out. 菜谱 -真老土
She also writes about fun stuff she does with
her husband, so that's out too.她还写和她老公之间的趣事 同样老土
Hey, where is Gabe? He's always up to
something?盖比哪去了 怎么总是不见他人影
Well, here's hoping. 但愿他能有主意
I mean for you and your blog. 我是说你的博客主题
Not for me. 没说我
Why would I need him to do anything bad? 我怎么会需要他干坏事呢
Coming! 来了
Hey. - Hi. 嘿 -嗨
So listen, I... - So, Teddy, I... 听我说 -泰迪 我
You first. - Okay, um... 你先说 -好的
I'm just gonna come out and say it. 那我就说了
I think you should go to Boston. 我觉得你应该去波士顿
Because I was kinda leaning towards not
going.其实我更倾向于不去
Why? - I just don't think I can leave you. 为什么 -我不想离开你
Oh, Spence, but BIPA is your dream school. 斯宾塞 但是那是你梦想的学校
It's the best musicprogram in the country and
you know if you don't grab this opportunity,
you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life.有全国最好的音乐专业 如果你不抓住这个机会
你会后悔一辈子的
Yeah, but it's not the only college out there. 又不是只有那一所大学
I mean, I could stay here and audition f o r
the Denver Institute of Performing Arts.我是说 我还可以申请 丹佛学院的表演艺术专
业
laundry: n.洗衣店,洗衣房; butt: n.屁股; audition: n.听力,听觉;
DIPA? - Yeah. 迪帕 -是的
DIPA's not as good as BIPA. 迪帕可比不上比帕
Oh yeah? You know who went to DIPA? 哦是么 你知道谁上的迪帕吗Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 0页/共3 1页
Kelly Ripa. - Ripa went to DIPA? 凯利·瑞帕 -瑞帕上的迪帕
No, I just wanted to hear you say that. 不是 我就是想听你问这句
Hey, you know you have to do this. 你知道你必须要这么做
Yeah, but what about us? 那我们怎么办
Well, there will still be an us, just a long-
distance us.我们还是我们啊 只不过变成了异地恋而已

You really think we can make that work? -
Hey, nothing is far away anymore.你真觉得那样可行 -现在通讯这么发达
We can... we can text. 我们可以发短信
We can talk on the phone. We can video
chat.可以打电话 视频聊天
We can email. 还可以发邮件
Oh, and the great part is that when I smell
funny...最大的好处在于我身上有怪味的时候
You won't have a clue. 你也闻不到
Hey, you never smell funny. - I know. 你身上从来没怪味 -我知道
It's gonna be okay, sweetie. We can do this. 没关系 亲爱的 我们能克服的
Yeah, of course we can. 嗯 我们肯定可以的
So when do you have to leave? 那你什么时候走
Tomorrow. 明天
Okay. 好吧
Then come here. 过来
Until tomorrow, I'm not gonna let you go. 明天之前 我是不会放开你了
Me neither. 我也是
Hey, it's kinda cold out here. You wanna go
inside?外面有点冷 要进屋吗
S u r e . 好
Okay, my hungry little ants... 来吧 饥饿的小蚂蚁们
Today's special is Brazilian. 今日供应巴西特产
Bon Appetit. 祝君好胃口
Dad? - Ow! 老爸 -嗷
P.J.! - Why are you releasing ants in the
house?PJ -您干吗在屋里放蚂蚁啊
Uh, because... 呃 我是
I'm training. 我是在训练
Uh, I'm uh, letting the ants go now so I can
catch 'em again later.我先把蚂蚁放走然后再捕捉回来Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 1页/共3 1页
All the exterminators do it. 灭虫专家都是这么训练的
Dad, do you think it's fair to say I'm not the
brightest Duncan?老爸 公平地说 我不是邓肯家最聪明的人吧

It... it's more than fair, son. 相当公平 孩子
So if I'm not buying this story, who do you
think will?连我都不信的借口 谁会信呢
exterminators: n.根除者; (美)职业的消灭害虫者;
All right, look, um... 好吧 听着
Those Brazilian termites that I brought home? 还记得我带回家的那些巴西白蚁吗
They got out, so I brought in some ants,
because the ants will eat the termites. See?
So it's gonna be fine.他们跑出去了 所以我引进了一些蚂蚁 你知道
蚂蚁以白蚁为食吧 所以很快就没事了
Everything's gonna be fine. 一切都会没事的
Why don't you just tent the house? 为什么不直接清理房子
Because I don't want your mom to find out. 因为我不想让你妈妈发现
Because if mom found out, that'd be bad. 因为妈妈发现的话情况就糟糕了
That would be very bad. 会非常糟糕的
But she's not gonna find out. 但她是不会发现的
Right, right. 对的 对的
Uh, but when she does, could you let me
know?嗯 万一她知道了 能告诉我一声么
Why? - Just because. 干什么 -就是
It's not like I have something to hide. 我绝对没有隐瞒什么事情不说
Coming! 来了
Hello? - It's open! 有人吗 -门开着
What is this? - It's my new room. 这是什么 -我的新卧室
No, it's not. 才不是呢
Then what's my bed doing here? 没看见我的床在这儿吗
Gabe, you are not taking over the living room. 盖比 你不能占用客厅当卧室
It's not the living room. It's the fireplace area. 这又不是客厅 就是壁炉边上
Oh yeah, that makes me feel better 好吧 这样说我感觉好点
Gabe... With fire in his room. 盖比的卧室要火烧屁股了
Now pack it up! 打包走人
That's what I get for answering the curtain. 这就是拉开帘子的代价
It's so good to see your face. 看见你真是太好了
I know it's only been a few days, but I miss
you so much.虽然只是几天不见 但我真的好想你Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 2页/共3 1页
I miss you too. 我也想你
And I'm sorry we haven't been able to talk
very much it's just...很抱歉我们好久没聊天了 我只是太忙了
W i t h  orientation and everything... 熟悉情况之类的
It's okay. I get it. 没关系 我懂的
Teddy, can you give me a hand with Toby? 泰迪 帮我照看一下托比好吗
Be right back. 马上回来
Hey, Mr. Duncan. - Oh! 嘿 邓肯先生 -噢
Spencer? What are you doing on the
computer?斯宾塞 你在电脑里做什么
fireplace: n.壁炉; orientation: n.方向;定向;适应;情况介绍;向东方;
Oh, just video-chatting. 只是在视频聊天
Hey, how about that? 嘿 最近怎么样
You see the butt scratch ? 你看见我挠屁股了
Yes, Sir. 是的 先生
I had an itch . 有点痒
Oh no, I completely understand. It's just... 没事 我能理解 但是
Well, after the scratch you picked up an
apple.怎么说呢 你挠过痒后抓起了一个苹果
Then you put it back. 然后你又放回去了
Well, yeah, I just... 这个啊 我就是
I realized I was in the mood for cereal . 突然意识到更想吃麦片
Not really the point. 这其实不是问题所在
Okay, I'm back. - See you. 亲爱的我回来了 -拜拜
Finally, we're all alone. 终于到我们的二人世界了
Hello. 泰迪姐姐
Except for Charlie. 查莉是例外
Hi, Charlie. - How did he get in there? 嗨 小查莉 -他怎么进到里面的
Charlie, Spencer's not really in the computer. 小查莉 斯宾塞并不是真的在电脑里
He's in Boston. 他在波士顿
Can you see me? - I sure can. 你能看见我吗 - 当然
I just can't see your sister. 只是看不见你姐姐了
Yeah, just chilling in my new room, dude .对啊 在我的新房间里颤抖呢 哥们
Yeah, I'm loving it. 嗯 我很享受
Um, I'm gonna need to call you back. 呃 我一会儿再给你打回去
No, the spin cycle just started. 没 只是开始甩干了而已Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 3页/共3 1页
This might be a problem. 这可是个问题
嗨 -嗨 - Hi. - Hi. 
Just thought I'd pop over and tell you, 只是觉得我应该过来告诉你一声
I saw your blog. - Oh. 我看你的博客了 -哦
And I especially enjoyed your first post, "that
darn Carlie".还有我特别喜欢你的第一篇博文 那该死的小卡
莉
So important to proofread . 校对是多么重要啊
Oh. Well uh, thank you. 噢 非常感谢
And next time you have any helpful
suggestions , don't come over.下次如果还有什么建设性意见的话 不用特意拜
访
scratch: n.擦伤; adj.打草稿用的; itch:n.痒; cereal: 谷类,谷物 chilling: adj.寒冷的; n.冷却; v.冷却
(chill的ing形式); dude: n.男人,小伙子; n.(Dude)人名; n.(非正式)花花公子; d a r n : v.织补,缝补;n.织
补 ;  proofread: vt.校对,校勘;vi.做校对工作; suggestions: n.民众意见箱;员工意见箱;
Yeah. Just feel free to put it in my comments
section.对啊 就随便写在我的评论区就好
Oh, that's thoughtful. 考虑的好周到
Mm-hmm. Well, I always enjoy telling you
where to put things.当然 我总是乐于告诉你东西该如何安置
Mmm. Since I'm here now, let me give you a
f e w  t i p s .既然我来这儿了 就给你点小贴士吧
I call them "Debbie Dooley's dos and don'ts". 我称之为 黛比·杜利的 二要二不要
Do use spell-check. 要使用拼写检查
Don't not use spell-check. 不要不使用拼写检查
Do know that my blog will always be more
popular than yours.要记得我的博客永远都比你的出名
Don't think it won't. 不要不这么认为
Okay. 就这样吧
That's great. That's great. 好极了 好极了
Though, you know, I have some helpful hints
myself. Yeah.不过 你要知道 我也有自己的友情提示
Do go back to where you came from. 要记住从哪儿来回哪儿去
Don't bother me again. 不要再来烦我
So how's the long-distance relationship going? 你们的异地恋最近怎么样了
Not good. You know, we both have such
different schedules , we barely had any time
to talk.不是很好 你知道的 我们的日程安排完全不同
甚至连聊天的时间都没有Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 4页/共3 1页
Told you you should've locked him in the
basement.当初都告诉你该把他锁在地下室里了
I know it's only been three days, but I miss
him so much.我知道只过了三天 但是我好想他啊
I just wish I could see him. 真想见见他
So why don't you? 为什么不呢
Fly all the way to Boston by myself? 飞去波士顿 就我一个人
My mom and dad would never let me do that. 老妈老爸不可能允许我这么做的
Unless they didn't know about it. 除非他们不知道
You could just tell them that you're spending
the weekend at my house.你可以跟他们说你在我家里度过周末
That's good. I like that. 好主意 我喜欢
So this weekend, we'll be at... 那么这个周末 我们去
'"Your house". 你家
Yeah, sleepover a t  I v y ' s ! 耶 艾薇之夜到来
It's not really happening. 又不是真的
Yeah, it's not really happening. 就是 又不是真的
schedules: n.时间表; v.安排; (schedule的三单形式); sleepover: n.[美](尤指小孩)在朋友家过夜的
晚会;
I'll bring the I'll bring the popcorn balls.. 我会带点爆米花球来的
Oh, this is nice. 这感觉真好
Hey, Gabe. - You left the lights on, dad. 嘿 盖比 -老爸 车灯还开着
They turn off by themselves. 他们自己会灭的
See? 看吧
D a d ! 爸
Yeah, been having some trouble with that! 又来了 这毛病有好一阵子了
Well, good night! 好吧 睡个好觉
Okay, mom. Well, I'm off to Ivy's for the
weekend.对了 老妈 我去艾薇家过周末
Whoa. That's a pretty big suitcase you got
there.哇哦 你带了个相当大的箱子啊
Oh, Ivy and I are doing makeovers . We're,
uh... you...哦 艾薇和我打算做点扮装游戏 我们 呃
You know us girls. 你懂的 女孩游戏
Oh, well, before you go, come check out my
blog.对了 走之前过来看看我的博客Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 5页/共3 1页
Oh, you have a blog. 噢 你有个博客
'"Half a dozen Duncans". - Catchy , huh? 半打邓肯家族 -引人注目吧 哈
'"The adventures of Amy Duncan, a mama
bird whose nest is bursting with six crazy
chickies " .艾米·邓肯历险记 一个巢中挤满六只疯狂小鸟的
鸟妈妈
Mom, you only have five kids. 妈 你只有五个孩子啊
I made one up. 又编了一个
Skippy . 斯基比
Skippy Duncan. - Mmm. 斯基比·邓肯 -嗯
Skippy Marie Duncan. 斯基比·玛丽·邓肯
She's eight. 她今年八岁
You are an interesting woman, mom. 老妈 你真是一位有意思的女人
Thank you. Thank you. 谢谢啊 亲爱的
And oh my goodness, this Skippy is a
handful.还有哦 天呐 这个斯基比可是个捣蛋鬼
Last night because she was afraid of the dark,
she set off a bunch of fireworks .昨晚她因为怕黑 点燃了一堆烟火
Boy, did that cause a ruckus . 天呀 都引起骚动了
popcorn: 爆米花 suitcase: n.[轻]手提箱;衣箱; makeovers: n.化妆美容;大转变; C a t c h y : adj.引人注
意的;容易记住的;易使人上当的; bursting: adj.充满的; v.爆炸; (burst的ing形式); chickies: [俚语]年
轻女子,姑娘[纽约青少年用语]当心!快走掉! (表示当官的来时发出的警告); Skippy: n.日本女人(尤其
指妓女); fireworks: 烟花表演(firework的复数) ruckus: n.骚动;喧闹;
A very interesting woman. 一位非常有意思的女人
What happened? 这是怎么了
Did mom and dad kick you out because you
did something horrible?你闯了什么祸被老爸老妈赶出来了么
Please say yes. 拜托回答是
Dude, I didn't do anything. This is my new
room.哥们 我没闯祸 这是我的新卧室
Gabe, you can't live on the porch . 盖比 你不能住在走廊上
Why not? - Well, for one thing, there's no
light.为什么 -嗯 比如说 这里没有灯
Porch light. 门廊壁灯
There's no running water. 这里也没有水
H o s e . 自来水
What about a bathroom? 那厕所呢
Hello. 这是什么Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 6页/共3 1页
You've got it all figured out, huh? 你已经把所有的都安排好了 是吧
Been so busy with your new room you forgot
to get in trouble for your big brother.你一直忙着你的新房间 你都忘了为你老哥去惹
惹麻烦了
What are you so afraid to tell mom and dad? 到底什么事 你不敢告诉爸妈
Can't say. It's bad. 不能说 这太糟糕了
Oh, come on, it can't be that bad. Just tell me
what it is.告诉我吧 不会糟糕到哪儿去的 到底怎么了

Okay, but you have to promise not to tell
anybody.好的 但是你要保证不能告诉任何人
I promise. 我保证
All right. Here goes. 好吧 就是
I dropped out of college. 我退学了
W h a t ? ! 什么
Oh man, mom and dad are gonna kill you! 天呐 爸妈会杀了你的
You just said it wasn't even that bad. 你刚刚还说事情不会糟糕到哪儿去的
I didn't know what it was! 我刚刚那是不知道什么事
Wait. Why'd you quit college? 等等 你为什么要退学
Because it's just... it's just not for me. 就是因为 我并不适合大学
And there's something else I wanna do. 我想做一些别的事情
Well, you'd better do it quick, because mom
and dad are gonna kill you!好吧 那你最好赶紧去做 因为爸妈会杀了你的

You said that already! 你已经说过一遍了
Well, when are you gonna tell 'em? 那你准备什么时候告诉他们
I don't know. 我不知道
Soon, probably. 应该很快吧
There's a chance dad might be in some hot
water with mom.总有一天 老爸惹毛了老妈
I'm gonna wait and see how that plays out. 我就等到那时候再看怎么办
Hey, can I use your bathroom? 嘿 能借你厕所一用么
p o r c h : n.门廊;走廊;
Yeah, sure, go ahead. - Cool. 可以 用吧 -酷
Oh, hey, hon. - Hey, sweetie. 嘿 老婆 -嘿 亲爱的
Look, babe, there's sandwich fixins over there
if you're interested.亲爱的 那儿有三明治 想吃的话自己拿
That sounds... 听起来
Guh "Guh"? What does that mean? 啊 啊 是什么意思
Nothing. 没什么Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 7页/共3 1页
What are you doing? 你在干嘛
Just stretching . 就伸展一下
Before you eat? 在吃东西之前
It's pretty important. 这非常重要
So what's bringing you to Boston? 怎么去波士顿呢
Well, hopefully this plane. 坐这架飞机去啊
No, actually, I'm gonna go visit my boyfriend. 事实上我是去看我男朋友的
We're in a long-distance relationship. 我们是异地恋
Ah. Well, you're sitting next to the right guy. 噢 那你遇到我就对了
I travel for a living and I've got tons of tips. 以旅行为生的我 有许多许多的建议给你
First off, don't travel for a living. 第一条 不要以旅行为生
Seriously now, you're always gonna have to
have one of these things handy.说正经的 你需要时时都带着它
Well, it looks very comfortable. 看起来很舒服
I always carry a spare. 我一直都带个备用的
Thanks. 谢谢
Hungry? 饿了么
Uh, I guess. What do you got? 有点 你有什么
Waldorf salad. 华尔道夫色拉
Well, if that's all you got. 好吧 你只有这些么
Fresh ground pepper? 现磨黑胡椒
Don't mind if I do. 那我就不客气了
By the way, I'm Herb Pickier. 对了 我叫赫伯·匹克
Oh, Teddy Duncan. Nice to meet you. 泰迪·邓肯 很高兴认识你
Tell me, Teddy, do you have any need for
high-pressure g a s  flanges ?泰迪 你需要高压法兰盘么
Um, not at the moment. 呃 现在不用
Oh. Well, take my card, anyway. 那好吧 这是我名片
You never know. 以备不时之需
I pretty much know, but thank you. 我很清楚我不需要 不过谢谢
So how long you gonna be in Boston? 你准备在波士顿呆多久
Oh, just for the weekend. I'm gonna surprise
my boyfriend.就呆一个周末而已 我准备给我男朋友一个惊喜

stretching: n.伸长;展宽;v.拉伸(stretch的ing形式); H e r b : n.香草,药草; f l a n g e s : n.法兰盘;凸緣
(flange的复数);
I can't wait to see the look on his face. 我迫不及待想看到他的表情
I'm going to Denver to surprise my girlfriend. 我要去丹佛看我女朋友 给她一个惊喜Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 8页/共3 1页
I can't wait to see the look on her face. 我迫不及待想看到她的表情
It's open. 门开着呢
Surprise! 惊喜
This is crazy. 太疯狂了
But I don't know who you are. 但我不知道你是谁
Ahem, um, is Spencer here? 呃 斯宾塞在么
He's in Denver. He went to surprise his
girlfriend.他在丹佛 他去那儿给他女朋友惊喜
I'm his girlfriend. I came here to surprise him. 我就是他女朋友 我是来给他惊喜的
Well, that was exciting for a second. 刚刚那一会儿是挺令人激动的
Teddy. You're never gonna guess where I
a m .泰迪 你根本猜不到我现在在哪儿
Denver? - Huh. I thought that would be
harder.丹佛 -想不到你会这么容易猜到
Yeah, well, guess where I am. 那你猜猜我在哪儿
Boston! - What? 波士顿 -什么
Well, I guess we both had the same idea.
Surprise!看来我们想到一块儿去了 惊喜
Oh gosh, this is terrible. We're not gonna be
able to see each other.天呐 太悲剧了 我们又见不到对方了
Yes, we are. Okay, you stay right there. 不 我们会见面的 这样吧 你就呆在那儿
I'll just take the first flight back. 我坐最近的一趟飞机回来
Well, I mean I'm already at your front door. 好吧 可是我已经在你家门口了
I might as well say hi to your parents. 我应该进去跟你爸妈打个招呼
Don't. No no, what are you doing? 不要 别啊 你在干嘛呢
They don't know that I'm out here. 他们不知道我出来了
Well, I just rang the bell. - Just... move! 可是 我刚刚按门铃了 -快点闪啊
Son, that is what we call "  ding-dong ditch
" .儿子 这就是传说中的 叮咚陷阱
Hey, Charlie, wanna play a game? 嘿 查莉 想玩游戏么
Okay, so I'm thinking of a number, and if you
guess it, you get to have Toby move into your
room.好的 现在我想一个数字 如果你猜到了 你就可
以让托比搬过来跟你一块儿住了
Nice try. 想得美
Hey P.J., you wanna play a game? 嘿PJ 你想玩个游戏么
Still trying to find a bedroom, huh? 还在找你的新房间么
r a n g : 包围,成环形(ring的过去式) d i t c h : vt.在…上掘沟; n.沟渠;Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第1 9页/共3 1页
Yeah, and I've tried everywhere... 基本每个地方都试遍了
The living room, the basement, the front
porch.客厅 地下室 前廊
I assume you've ruled out the attic . Ugh! 我猜你肯定漏了阁楼
The what? - The attic. Ugh! 哪里 -阁楼
We have an attic? 我们家还有阁楼
Yeah. It's upstairs. 对啊 在楼上
Yeah yeah, that'd be the place for it. 好的 好的 我的新房间就在那儿了
Wait. Why didn't I know we had an attic? 等等 为什么我不知道我们还有阁楼
You didn't know we had a tree house either. 你还不知道我们家有一个树屋呢
You gotta start looking up. 是时候往上看看了
See? Ugh! 看吧 呃
It's not "ugh!" It's..."Hey!" 不是 呃 是 耶
Teddy! - Herb. Hi. 泰迪 -赫伯 嗨
Hey, how was your day in Boston? 嘿 在波士顿呆得怎么样了
Not so good. 不怎么样
Pillow me. 给我枕头
Thanks. So... 谢谢
My boyfriend decided to surprise me and
flew out to Denver.我男朋友为了给我惊喜飞去了丹佛
Oh, the old double surprise gone bad. 噢 这种陈旧的双重惊喜都会悲剧
I could sing a few bars of that one. 我能为这种事唱上几首歌
But you're not going to, right? 但是你不会唱的 对吧
No no, they frown upon that during the safety
announcement.不会 他们在安全通知时是不允许我这样做的

It's just that by the time I get back, 等到我回到丹佛的时候
Spencer I will barely have any time together. 我和斯宾塞也没有多少时间呆在一起
All long-distance relationships are brutal . 所有的异地恋都很残忍
You try to make 'em work. 你试着努力得去维系
You email, you text, you video chat... 邮件 信息 视频
Then one night you decide you'd rather
watch a "  Battlestar Galactica "  Marathon
and suddenly you're the bad guy.突然在一个晚上你发现 你更想做的事是看 星
际大战 就这样你就当了恶人
I'm pretty sure that won't happen to me. 我敢肯定这种事不会发生在我的身上
attic: n.阁楼;顶楼;鼓室上的隐窝; b r u t a l : adj.残忍的;野蛮的,不讲理的; Battlestar: n.太空堡垒;
Galactica: 银河号; Marathon: n.马拉松赛跑; adj.马拉松式的;Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 0页/共3 1页
Stay away from the first season. It's addictive. 从第一季就不要看 会上瘾的
Good to know. 我知道了
All I'm trying to say is there's no substitute for
being in the same place together, and anyone
who thinks otherwise is just kidding
themselves.我想说的就是什么也不能代替 两个人在同一个
地方生活 那些认为自己是例外的人 只是自己
骗自己而已
Oh, except for you and your boyfriend. 噢 你和你男朋友例外
You kids'll be fine. 你们俩会好好的
This is the Captain speaking. Just wanna let
you know that there's some weather over the
Ohio valley, so we're gonna be a little delayed
tonight...各位乘客 我是机长 现在通知大家 现在在俄亥
俄河谷上方有一股强气流 所以今晚的航班会延
迟
Three, four hours tops. 最多三四个小时
Wha... well, here's a thought: 哇 好吧 这样好不好
Fly around Ohio. 绕着俄亥俄飞吧
Well, looks like we're gonna be here for a
while.嗯 看样子我们要在这要多待一会儿了
Mini quiche ? 小蛋饼
Hey, mom. - Hey, P.J. 嘿 妈妈 -嘿 PJ
Okay, she's sitting right there. Just... 好了 她正在那儿坐着 正好
Get it over with and tell her you dropped out
of college.过去把退学的事告诉她
If you hold it in one more second, you'll go... 如果再拖延一秒 你就
Ooh, grapes ! 哦 有葡萄
When did we get those? 啥时候买的
Mom must've gone to the store. 妈妈一定去超市了
But she doesn't always wash them. 但她老是不洗葡萄啊
Did I just eat an unwashed grape? 我是不是吃了个没洗的葡萄
What am I doing in the kitchen? 我来厨房做什么来着
Oh, right. 哦 对了
Mom? 妈妈
There's something I gotta tell ya. 有件事要告诉你
Hello. 喂
Yeah, hold on. 是的 等一下
Uh, somebody from "Good Morning, Denver"
wants to talk to you.有个 早安丹佛 的人找你
'"Good Morning, Denver"? The TV show? 早安丹佛 那个电视秀Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 1页/共3 1页
Yeah. 是啊
I think I have a minute. 我想我可以给他一分钟时间
Hello. 你好
This is she. 我就是
Uh-huh. 嗯啊
Uh-huh. 嗯啊
q u i c h e : n.乳蛋饼; g r a p e s : 葡萄(grape的复数) unwashed: adj.未洗的,不清洁的;
I... I think I could arrange something. 我想我可以安排一下
Oh, very good. 哦 太好了
Yes, thank you for calling. 好的 谢谢你的来电
What's going on? 怎么了
I'm gonna be on TV! 老娘要上电视了
Wow, that's great, mom. 哇 太好了 妈妈
They loved my mommy blog and they want
me to do a segment on the show!他们喜欢我的妈咪博客 还给我安排了一次电视
访谈
And if it all goes well, be a regular. 要是一切顺利的话 我就能成常驻了
They said that? - No, but they will! 他们这么说的 -没 他们一定会的
After I'm on TV. 等着我上了电视吧
Well, I think that's all the ant traps. 这是所有的白蚁笼子了
Okay. Well, by now the ants have done their
j o b好了 现在捕蚁任务完成
and the termites are gone. - Sure hope so. 白蚁都没了 -但愿如此
Come on, 2,000 ants against two termites? 得了吧 收拾得了两千个蚂蚁弄不好两个白蚁

I think I likes me my odds . 我愿意赌一下
Oh no, I... it's termites! 哦不 白蚁
Dozens of 'em! 好多
How did they multiply so fast? 它们怎么能繁殖的这么快
Well, they are in the Duncan house. 嗯 它们在邓肯家
Kind of a "when in Rome" situation? 也算是入乡随俗吧
Ah. We're gonna have to tent the house. 我们得隔离房子了
What am I gonna tell Amy? 我怎么跟艾米说啊
You could tell her the truth. 可以跟她实话实说
Or... 或者是
A vacation? - Yes. 度假 -是的Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 2页/共3 1页
Honey, you work so hard, you do so much
around here you deserve a vacation.亲爱的 你这么辛苦 忙前忙后的 你值得拥有一
次度假
Well, okay. That sounds great. When were
you thinking?好吧 好主意 你计划啥时候开始
8:00 A.M. Tuesday to 8:00 A.M. Thursday .从周二早八点到周四早八点
48 hours of fun! 48小时的欢乐时光
Just you, me, the kids and the perishables .就带上你 我 孩子们还有过期的食物
Bob, Bob, I can't do that. 鲍伯 这可不行
I'm gonna be on TV Tuesday morning,
remember?周二早晨我得上电视 记得不
Oh, right. Um... 哦 是啊 嗯
Okay, no problem. We'll leave right after
you're done.好吧 没问题 你完事了我们再走
odds: n.几率;胜算;不平等;差别; T h u r s d a y : 星期四 perishables: n.易腐物品;
Okay, sounds great. 好吧 主意不错
Hey, why are we taking the perishables? 嘿 我们为什么要带上过期的食物
Because... 因为
We... 我们
Coming! 来了
Finally. - Oh there's my girl. 终于 -哦 我的宝贝
Hey, what time did you get in last night? 嘿 昨晚啥时候到的
4:00 A.M. I am so sorry. 凌晨4点 我太抱歉了
The plane got delayed, quiches went cold, 飞机延迟 蛋饼凉了
Herb only brought one side salad... 赫伯只带了一份沙拉
It was a complete disaster. 整个一场悲剧啊
H e r b ? 赫伯
Yeah, you'll probably meet him on the flight
back.是的 你往回飞的话也许能碰上他
But the important thing is that we're together
now.但重要的是现在我们终于在一起了
Well, for an hour. 嗯嗯 只有一个小时
W h a t ? 什么
Yeah, I have to catch a plane. I've got class
tomorrow.是的 我必须要赶飞机 明天有课
Well, great. So I have to wait until spring
break to see you again?嗯 太棒了 那我得等到春假才能再见到你

Oh. Gosh. 哦 天啊Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 3页/共3 1页
My parents are coming to Boston for spring
break.我父母春假来波士顿
So we have one hour together in five months? 所以 我们接下来五个月只有这一小时在一起

Well, we can find a couple ofweekends to
visit each other.嗯嗯 我们可以找几个周末找对方
No, Spence, I can't. 不 斯宾塞 我做不到
My parents don't even know that I took this
t r i p ,我爸妈都不知道我去你那了
I can't lie to them again. 我不能再向他们说谎
Well, what are we gonna do? 那我们该怎么办
I don't know. I didn't know it was gonna be
this hard.我不知道 我不知道这会这么难
Yeah, me neither. 是啊 我也是
I just can't spend all my time missing you. 我不能把我所有的时间都花在想你上
I'm gonna drive myself crazy. 我会疯掉的
Yeah, I feel the same way. 是的 我也这么觉得
What do we do? 我们该怎么办
Well, I mean, there's nothing we can do,
except...嗯 我是说 我们什么都做不了 除了
I don't wanna say it. 我不想说出来
Yeah, I don't wanna say it either. 是的 我也不想说
I love you. 我爱你
Oh, I love you too. 我也爱你
I'm gonna miss you so much. 我会想死你的
Why you so sad? 你俩为啥这么悲伤
q u i c h e s : n.乳蛋饼;
Well because we're saying goodbye, Charlie,
and...因为我们在说再见 查莉 并且
It's a very hard thing to do. 这很难说出口
Then say, "hello". 那就说 你好
Yeah. 是啊
Yeah, maybe that's easier. 是啊 也许那会轻松一些
Hello, Teddy. 你好 泰迪
Hello, Spencer. 你好 斯宾塞
Home sweet home. 偶甜美滴家
Oh! Gabriel Duncan, what is going on? 哦 盖比里埃尔·邓肯 这发生什么事了Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 4页/共3 1页
This is my new room. 这是我的新房间
I didn't think you knew about the attic. 你咋知道这个阁楼的呢
Well, the word gets around. 嗯 空穴来风
It took 13 years, but it got around. 花了13年 才打探到这个情报的
Honey, you cannot turn the attic into your
bedroom.亲爱的 你不能把阁楼变成你的卧室
You can't, but maybe I can. 你不能 也许我能
W h a t ? 啥
Well, I've been looking for something to talk
about on TV tomorrow, and this is perfect!我正找些话题好在电视上讲 这点子太棒了

My house was too small, but I had a
brainstorm .我家不够大 但我灵思妙想了一下
You had a brainstorm? 你灵思妙想了一下
Well, it sure wasn't Skippy. 肯定不是斯基比想的啊
No no no. 不不不
Hi, Teddy, remember me? 嗨 泰迪 还记得我不
Not now, P.J. 没心情 PJ
Oh, I don't know any P.J. 哦 我可不认识什么PJ
I'm Socky the sock puppet . 我是袜袜偶人 袜袜
Yeah, I remember. 是啊 我记得
When you were little and feeling sad, I used
to cheer you up.当你小时候伤心时 我经常让你开心起来
And that's what I'm here to do now. 这就是我现在要做的
Let's turn that frown upside down! 让我们把那个下弯的眉毛翘起来
I don't think I can. 我真够呛
Better let me handle this, Socky. 袜袜 还是交给我吧
Okay. 好的
I know it hurts, but trust me, this is the
hardest part.我知道这很难受 但相信我 这是最艰难的时候

I just miss him so much. 我就是太想他了
It's gonna get better. It's gonna get better. 会好起来的 会好起来的
I know because I've been through this. 我了解 因为我也经历过这些
Remember when Skyler moved away? I
thought my world was over but,somehow I
managed to move on.记得当斯凯勒离开时 我以为我的世界完蛋了
但我还是设法挺过来了
brainstorm: n.集思广益; sock: 短袜 puppet: 木 偶
You will too. 你也会的Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 5页/共3 1页
Well, I just... 嗯 我只是
I don't want it to be over. 我不想结束这段感情
Maybe it isn't. 或许并不会结束
What do you mean? 你的意思是
Maybe someday, when the timing's right... 或许以后 等机缘合适时
You and Spence will be together again. 你和斯宾塞会还会在一起的
Uh-oh, lint ball. 噢哦 棉线球
Hey, there it is. 嘿 这样才对嘛
There's that smile. 终于看到笑容了
Oh, Socky. 噢 袜袜
When did my big brother get to be so wise? 什么时候我老哥变得这么聪明了
When he dropped out of college. - You did
w h a t ? !从他退学后 -你干什么了
I don't know what he's talking about. 我不知道他在胡说些什么
How you feeling, sweetie? 感觉紧张吗宝贝
You doing okay? 你准备好了没
I'm good, mommy. 我感觉好极了 妈妈
Oh, honey, I was talking to Teddy. 哦 亲爱的 我在问泰迪呢
No, I'm okay, mom. 不紧张 我很放松 妈妈
But don't worry about me. 不用担心我了
Today is your big day. 今天是你的大日子
Hey, mommy's gonna be on TV. 嘿 妈妈要上电视了
Yeah yeah. 太棒了 太棒了
Teddy, look, if you ever need to talk. 泰迪 听着 如果你想倾诉
You know I'm here for you. - Thanks. 随时可以找我 -谢谢
Go ahead, tell her. 快说 跟她坦白
Tell her you lied about the sleepover and
went to Boston.把谎称去别人家过夜而跑到波士顿的事跟她坦
白
Now's the perfect time. 现在是绝佳时机啊
She's in a good mood and... 她心情大好而且
Ooh! Grapes. 噢 有葡萄
Yes yes, much better. 不错 不错 感觉好多了
Much better. Been wanting to get rid of that
door for years.感觉实在是好很多 早就想把这扇门给拆了

It really opens the space up. 这下感觉空间敞亮多了Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 6页/共3 1页
Bob, what is going on? Why do things keep
breaking?鲍伯 到底怎么回事 为什么房子里的东西一直
断裂
Honey, things break. 亲爱的 东西断裂呢
Happens all the time. The real question... 是时有发生的 你真正该问的是
Is "why weren't things breaking before?" 为什么以前家里的东西老不断裂
Thanks, Phil. And now let's say hello to
mommy blogger Amy Duncan.谢谢 菲尔 让我们来首度采访 多子妈妈博客的
博主艾米·邓肯
Good morning, Amy. - Good morning, Jan. 早上好 艾米 -早上好 简
lint:n.软麻布;线头;棉绒;vi.飞散出棉线; blogger: n.写博客的人;博客使用者;
And Good Morning, Denver. 早上好 丹佛
So what are you going to talk to us about
today, Amy?今天你打算跟大家分享点什么呢 艾米
Problem-solving , Jan. 分享解决问题之道 简
When your nest is as full as this mama bird's,
you're always finding ways to make more
room.当你家和我这个多子妈妈的家一样拥挤不堪的
时候 你也会想尽办法去腾出更多的空间
All of my loyal readers know that my
youngest daughter Charlie, shares a room
with her sister Skippy.我所有忠实的粉丝都知道我的小女儿查莉 和她
姐姐斯基比同住一间房
Who? - Shh! 谁 -嘘
And that Skippy is quite a handful, isn't she? 斯基比很调皮捣蛋 是吧
Oh, don't get me started, Jan. 那是 这要讲起来就一发难收 简
Anyway... 不管怎样
Now that baby Toby needs his own room, 如今 我的宝宝托比得需要个单独的房间
I have to find someplace to put my teenage
boy, Gabe.我必须找个地方安置我那已经长成小伙子的儿
子盖比
And believe me, we tried everywhere... 说真的 我们真是想尽了办法
The living room, the basement, even the front
porch.从卧室到地下室甚至是前廊都考虑过
And then it hit me... 最后我突然想到
Why not clear out the attic and convert it into
a really cool loft space?为什么不把阁楼清理出来把它布置成个舒适的
阁楼顶房呢
Well, that's exactly what I did. 想到这儿后 我说干就干
It was a lot of hard work, but as I always say,
a mama bird's job is to build the perfect nest.清理阁楼不是件容易事 但如我所常说 一个多
子妈妈的首要任务就是筑好爱巢
Could you hold this, Jan? 把麦拿一下行吗 简
Let's kick it back to the studio, Jan. 我们还是去演播室接着录节目吧 简Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 7页/共3 1页
No no no, I think we'll keep it right here. 不 不 不 我觉得继续在这儿录比较好
What just happened, Amy? 艾米 能解释一下刚才是怎么回事吗
Good question. Bob? 问得好 鲍伯
Um, okay. 好吧
Uh, you know those termites I brought home
the other day?呃 记得我前几天带回家的白蚁吗
They kinda got out. 它们从容器中逃出了
You let termites eat our house? 你让白蚁蛀食我们的房子
I dropped out of college. - What?! 我从大学辍学了 -什么
And I went to Boston without your
permission.我没经你允许就去了波士顿
loft:n.阁楼;
What?! - Wow! 什么 -哇噢
Mama bird, it looks like your nest is falling
apart...多子妈妈 看来你的爱巢正在塌裂
In more ways than one. What do you have to
s a y ?而且是分崩离析 有什么想说的吗
This whole thing is a disaster. 事情都搅得一团糟了
Might as well tell her that Skippy's a lie too. 或许我也可以把斯基比是瞎编的告诉她
Just go ahead. Just do it. 说啊 尽管说
And now for the weather. 现在转入天气预报时段
The skies are... 天空是如此的
Sunny and clear. 阳光普照 晴空万里
Back to you, Phil. 交给你了 菲尔
Okay, you guys, come on. 好了 伙计们 快
Come on, let's go. Shake a leg. 快点 我们走吧 赶紧行动
I finally get my own room and now we have
to move out.我好不容易有了自己的房间又要搬走了
It's just for a couple of nights. 只是出去暂住几晚上而已
We're gonna get the house checked out,
make sure everything's safe...我们要全面检查房子 确保房子各处安全
Take care of the termite problem. 还有除掉白蚁
I thought that was implied . 我认为那已经包含在内了
And then we are gonna move back in and
everything's gonna be back to normal.做完那些我们就可以搬回来 一切也就恢复正常
了
What do you mean, "normal"? 你口中的 正常 是指Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 8页/共3 1页
P.J. dropped out of college. - Teddy went to
Boston.PJ都从大学辍学了 -泰迪还偷偷去波士顿了

Dad brought termites in the house. - Well,
Gabe...老爸把白蚁带进家里 -那 盖比
What did you do? - Nothing. 你犯什么错来着 -没犯错
As usual, I'm the good one. 像往常一样 我是好孩子
Bob, this family is completely falling apart. 鲍伯 整个家都乱的不成样了
No, it isn't. 不是这样的
Look, guys, I dropped out of college for a
reason.听着 老爸老妈 我离开大学有我的原因
I want to go to culinary school. 我想上烹饪学校
I'm good at cooking, I'm passionate about it
and I look good in the hat.我擅长烹饪 我热爱那一行而且我戴上厨师帽很
帅
Okay, well, I feel better now that you have a
plan.好吧 看到你对未来有点规划让我现在感觉好点

termite: n.[昆]白蚁; implied: vt.暗示; adj.含蓄的; culinary: adj.厨房的;烹调用的; passionate: a d j .
热情的;热烈的,激昂的;易怒的;
Yeah, well, as for you, young lady, you are
grounded .好吧 但说到你 小姐 你被关禁闭了
You're gonna be spending a lotta time in
your room.接下来你得在你房间待很长时间
I don't have a room. 可我没有房间啊
Well, we're gonna find you a room and I'm
gonna put you in it.呃 我跟你爸会给你弄间房然后让你老实待在里
面
All right. Come on, guys, let's go. 好了 快点 伙计们 走吧
Can you... - Yeah. 你能 -嗯
Thank you. 谢谢
Okay, house, see you in a couple of days. 好了 我的爱房 过几天再见吧
Or longer. 或许不止几天
Hi, Charlie, I'm back. Um, where was I? 嗨 查莉 我回来了 呃 刚说到哪了
Oh, right... worst day ever. 对 最倒霉的一天
So the whole house was eaten by termites
and we don't have a place to live.因为整个房子都被白蚁蛀食 所以我们无处可居

Ugh. Yeah, it's a disaster. 呃 是的 这太糟糕了
Well, not for you. You have your own
apartment.对你来说不是 你有你自己的公寓Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第2 9页/共3 1页
Oh yeah. That makes me feel better. 说的是 这样一说我感觉好多了
See ya. 再见
Well, the rest of us have no idea where we'll
end up, but I'm sure we'll be fine.其他人就没那么好运了 我们将寄身何处呢 但
我确信我们一定会挺过去
But just in case, wish us good luck, Charlie. 但以防万一 祝我们好运吧 查莉
He was visiting BIPA. - Whapa? 他去比帕参观了 -哪儿
BIPA, the bostotin... 比帕就是波士顿教育
Bostotin... sorry. 波士顿教育 不好意思
Okay, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. 算了 我去看下那词 看下 看下
Whapa? - BIPA, the bostonin... 哪儿 -比帕就是波士顿教育
BIPA, the Boston instit... 比帕就是波士顿教育学院
Whapa? 哪儿
It's all going so well. 拍摄进展得如此顺利
Hey, sweetie. 嘿 甜心
Oh, there's some sandwich fictions if... 哦 桌上有三明治小说如果
I can't say that word. - Go back to one. 我不会念那个词 -倒回场景重拍
I'm from the South. I should be able to say
"fixins".我是南方人 我应该会说 fixins 这个词的

Well, for one thing, there's no light. 好吧 还有个问题 灯光问题怎么解决
Porch light. 用走廊的灯
N o . 指错地方了
Porch light's right here. - It's right there. 走廊的灯在这儿 -在那边呢
grounded: adj.接地的; v.停 lotta: n.许多,大量(等于lotof); fictions: n.小说; v.使小说化; (fiction的
三单形式);
So how's the long-distance relationship going? 异地恋进展的怎么样
Not go... 不是太
There's, like, a motorcycle gang going by the
set right now.外面似乎 有飞车党路过这里吗
I don't know I'm just kinda in shock. 我不知道啊 我只是觉得有点突然
Yeah, me too. 嗯 我也是
Who's ready for some delicious New England
chicken noodle chowder?有没有人想吃芬香飘溢的新英格兰杂脍鸡肉面

Shoulder bread? 肩挑面包
motorcycle: n.摩托车;机动车;vi.骑摩托车;
************************************************************************************************** 
 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第3 0页/共3 1页
Good Luck Charlie S03E22&E23
第3 1页/共3 1页