
Good Luck Charlie S04E20
Hey, Charlie. 查莉
Well, I'm about to go off to college. 我快要离家去读大学啦
So it's time to make my last video diary. 所以这是我给你录的最后一个视频日记
Man, it seems like just 给你录第一个视频日记的情景
Yesterday I was doing the first one of these. 宛如昨日
Spencer was coming over for a study date, 斯宾塞要来咱家和我一起学习
And you were covered in smushed bananas. 你那时满脸都是香蕉泥
And, uh... Yeah. Now I'm packing for
college.现在我要打包去上大学了
I ' m  gonna have a going-away party. 要为我举行欢送派对
I have absolutely no idea what else to say. 我不知道说什么了
You know, sometimes, at this point, 有时 就在这个时刻
Funny things just happen behind me. 我身后会发生很有趣的事情
Hey, Swiss cheese. 瑞士奶酪
You know, if we were in Switzerland , 你知道 如果我们在瑞士
We'd just call this cheese. 我们就说奶酪而已
And sometimes they don't. 有时候也很无趣
Oh, good! Here's dad. 老爸来啦
Wow! Don't hear those words very often. 很少听到这句话呀
I'm trying to make my last video diary. 我正在录最后一个视频日记
Wow, your last one? 最后一个吗
That's a lot of pressure. 相当有压力吧
I ' m  aware of that. 这我知道
Better be a good one. 录好一点哦
I'm trying! 我在努力中
Oh! Hey, Gabe. 盖比
He's always good for some laughs. 他最擅长说笑了
Say something, Gabe. 盖比 说点什么吧
'"Hey"? That's all you got? 你就说个 嘿 吗
What's going on? 怎么了
Teddy 's trying to do her final video diary. 泰迪在录最后一个视频日记
Wow. Your final video diary? 最后一个吗
Ohh. Better be a good one. 录好一点哦Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1页/共3 4页
I know! 我明白
Hey, Canadian bacon. 加拿大培根
You know, if we were in Canada... 你知道 如果我们在加拿大
■ ■ ■ ■ 
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Spencer: n.前桅,纵帆;针织短上衣; gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto) Switzerland: n.瑞士(欧洲国家);
aware: adj.意识到的; Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
I've been there, i've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future's bright 可是我知道你会有美好将来
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There's no maybe 不要怀疑
Everything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Sure life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me it comes back around 但是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, baby. 宝贝 不要放弃
Good Luck Charlie S04E20 Good-Bye
Charlie查莉成长日记 第四季第二十集 全剧终
Hi, Amy. 艾米
Come on in, Debbie. 黛比 请进
Another mix-up by the mailman . 邮递员又把信件弄混了
He gave us Charlie's "  Gurgles " Magazine. 把查莉的《咯咯笑》杂志放到我家信箱了

Oh, that's, uh... That's p.J.'S, but thank you. 是PJ的 不过还是谢谢你
Ohh! "Good morning Denver , " 早安丹佛
My favorite show. 我最喜欢的节日
Are you just saying that because I'm on it? 因为我是主持人 所以你喜欢吗Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2页/共3 4页
You're on "Good morning Denver"? 你主持 早安丹佛 吗
For real? 说真的
Because I know you sometimes tend to
exaggerate things因为我觉得你有时候喜欢夸大事实
Just a skosh . 一点点啦
No, I'm on it. 没有 我真的主持了
Come on, you've seen it. I do the "Mama
bird" Segment.真的 你看到了 我主持《妈妈鸟》那部分

Well, I only watch the important stuff, 我只看重要的部分
So I guess we'll never know for sure. 看来我永远不会知道确切的情况了
Hey, uh, Rhonda. 朗达
What has two thumbs and likes to hit the
putting green?什么东西有两个大拇指 还喜欢打高尔夫
G r a b : vt.攫取; n.攫取; mailman: n.邮差,邮递员; G u r g l e s : n.咯咯声; Denver: n.丹佛(地名,美国城
市 ) ;  skosh: 一点点; t h u m b s : [解剖]拇指;
Oh. Well, I don't know, Phil. What? 菲利 我不知道 到底是什么
This guy! 就是我啦
Phil! 菲利
Oh, I'm gonna miss this. 我会很怀念的
Oh, that's right. You know what? 对啦 你们知道吗
Rhonda has a little announcement to make. 朗达有事情要宣布
I am leaving the show 我即将要离开这个节目
To pursue a very exciting new opportunity. 去追寻一个全新超棒的机遇
You are looking at the new host... Of "Wake
up Waco!"她就是《早安韦克》的新主持人
Oh, we're gonna miss you around here,
Rhonda.朗达 我们会很想念你的
I don't know how we'll replace you. 我不知道有谁能取代你
Well, I do. 我来
W i t h  m e ! 和我一起
Oh, you can't be serious. 你不会当真吧
I can just see it now. 我现在就能预测到
'"Good morning Denver... With Amy and
Phil."早安丹佛 这里是艾米和菲利
Isn't it "Phil and Amy"? 不是菲利和艾米吗
For now. 只是暂时的
Well! If it isn't the free lunch bunch. 这就是来蹭午餐的伙伴啊Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第3页/共3 4页
You're funny, dad. 你太有趣了 爸爸
Yeah. Not trying to be. 不是故意的
Emmett, is that my bathrobe ? 埃米特 你穿的是我的浴袍吗
Yeah. Mine's dirty, 是呀 我的脏了
And Mrs. Duncan's a little behind on the
w a s h .邓肯阿姨洗衣服的速度太慢了
Oh. Well. 好吧
I guess i'll have to speak to her about that. 我们应该把这事告诉她
Could you? 能麻烦你告诉她吗
Well, since subtlety doesn't seem to be
working,好吧 既然旁敲侧击不起作用
Let me be direct. 那我直接点吧
P.J., you promised to look for a job PJ 你答应我们在烹饪学习毕业后
After you graduated cooking school. 就找一份工作呀
I know. I'm off to kind of a slow start. 我知道 就是起步有点慢而已嘛
Have you started? 你开始找了吗
N o . 还没
I promise. Right after lunch 我答应你 吃完午餐后
I'm gonna get out there and find a job. 我就出去找一份工作
Right after lunch "Yacky the duck" Is on, 午餐后会有《小鸭子雅克》节目
So it'll be right after that. 所以看完节目之后再去找工作
OK. 好吧
Well, Emmett, 埃米特
All we need is a plan for you. 我们再给你制定一个计划就行了
Oh, I got a plan. 我有一个计划了
Seven more years of community college 在社区大学再蹲个七年
bathrobe: n.浴衣;睡衣; subtlety: n.微妙;敏锐;精明;
Then it's "Hello, job market." 就可以向求职市场进军了
So I guess there's no rush to get you out of
that bathrobe.所以你不急着脱掉这件浴袍
Not unless you wanna see some of your
underwear .除非你还想看到你的内裤
So, do you think I'm a good girlfriend? 你觉得我是一个称职的女朋友吗
Well, I don't have much to judge it on, but
yeah.我也没啥评判的经验 就算是吧
I ' m  g l a d . 我很高兴
And as a good girlfriend, 作为一个称职的女朋友Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第4页/共3 4页
I want you to know if you ever need
anything,我想让你知道 如果你需要任何帮助
I'll be there for you. 我随时都会在你身边
Would you be there for me? 你也会在我需要的时候帮我吗
S u r e . 那当然
Great. 太好了
Grandma! He said yes! 外婆 他答应了
Hey... Oh. Wha... What's going on here?! 这是什么情况
Nice job, Lauren. 劳伦 干得好
I'm so sorry. She forced me. 我很抱歉 她逼我的
Okay, what do you want? 好吧 你想要我做什么
I've got a situation. 我遇到点麻烦
The house next door to me is for sale. 我家隔壁的房子现在要出售
Well, that's understandable . 嗯 可以理解
Anyway... The family that's gonna buy it 现在有一家人想买这栋房子
Has a 10-year-old boy. 可是他们还有一个10岁的小男孩
So? - A 10-year-old boy 那又如何 -10岁的小男孩
Who reminds me of you! 让我想起了你
Same evil twinkle in his eye! 他的眼神和你一样邪恶
I can't go through another Gabe Duncan, 我经不起第二个盖比的折腾了
I can't! I tell you! 我实话告诉你 我真的不行了
Okay, c-calm down. 淡定点
What do you want me to do? 你想要我做什么
I want you to talk to him, one devil child to
another.我想要你去和那个小孩谈 魔鬼孩子之间的对话

Tell him I'm off-limits . 告诉他不要来惹我
Fine, i'll do it. 好吧 我去
Good. 很好
Again, I am so sorry. 我再次表示抱歉
Yeah, well, the next time we talk about our
relationship,下次再讨论我们俩的关系时
I'm paying attention. 我会全神贯注听着
Hey, Phil. - Hey, Amy. 菲利你好 -艾米你好
Do you mind if I, uh... 如果我坐朗达的椅子
If I sit in Rhonda's chair? 你会介意吗
underwear: n.内衣物; understandable: adj.可以理解的;可以了解的;Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第5页/共3 4页
Sure, knock yourself out. 当然不会 请自便
I'm just gonna... Ohh... Wow. 我准备
That is really comfy . 这椅子真舒服
Almost like it was made for me. 就好像为我量身定做
Actually, they were made for me and
Rhonda.实际上是为我和朗达量身定做
They measured our butts and everything. 根据我们臀部等测量数据制定的
Oh. Cute story. 很有趣
Say, I wonder whose butt 不知道接下来他们要
They're gonna be measuring for this chair
now.测量谁的臀部值了
Well, I don't know. 我不知道
We're gonna miss that Rhonda. 我们会想念朗达的
Are we? 会吗
I mean, let's face it, Phil. 我的意思是 菲利 咱们面对事实吧
You've been carrying Rhonda for years. 你和朗达搭档已经很多年了
Well, I don't wanna get into it, but yeah. 我不愿意这么想 但确实如此
Knowing you, I'm sure you'll make the wise
decision以我对你的了解 你肯定会明智地
To promote from within. 内推合适的人选
Hmm. Well, I hadn't thought about that. 我还没有想这个问题
The question is who? 问题是选谁好呢
Mean, Pilar's okay on traffic, 皮拉尔做交通节目挺好的
But how is she with small talk? 但是她适合这种谈话类节目吗
And M i s t y  Mountains is great with weather, 米斯蒂·蒙塔斯天气预报播的不错
But, um, is her brain a low-pressure system? 但她的脑子是不是气压有点低啊
My goodness, Phil. I said something catty ,天哪 菲利 我一说刻薄的话
and you made a cat noise. - I did. 你就学了猫叫 -是的
I love it. I love it! 我喜欢 我喜欢
We are clicking. 我们很合拍
We are. Are we? 很合拍 是吗
We are! 是的
If only the viewers could see us. 要是观众能看到我们一起主持就好了
I j... I just had an idea. 我突然有个主意
Why don't you audition ? 你为什么不来试镜呢Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第6页/共3 4页
Me? - Yeah. 我吗 -是呀
c o m f y : adj.舒服的;轻松的(等于comfortable); butts: n.短硬黄麻根纤维; v.踩熄或捻熄香烟等; (butt
的三单形式); M i s t y : adj.模糊的;有雾的; catty: adj.阴险的; n.斤 (中国和一些东南亚国家使用的重量
单位); viewers: n.观众(viewer的复数);浏览器;阅读器; audition: n.听力,听觉;
Well, I would say that that sounds crazy, 那太疯狂了吧
But I know what good judgment you have. 但我不得不说你眼光真好
Tell you what, I'm gonna give you 跟你说 我想让你来
A n  on-air tryout . If all goes well, 直播试镜 如果一切顺利的话
Who knows? 谁知道呢
'"Good morning Denver with Phil and Amy." 早安丹佛 这里是菲利和艾米
It's all happening so fast. 幸福来得太快了吧
Packing for college, huh? 你在收拾上大学的行李吗
Need some help? 需要我帮忙吗
What do you want? 你打什么主意
What makes you think I want something? 你怎么知道我在打主意
You said "Need some help?" 你说了 需要帮忙吗
Yeah, right. You got me. Of course I want
something.你猜对了 我是想要点儿东西
What? - Your room. 什么东西 -你的房间
Gabe! No one's getting my room. 盖比 任何人都不可以占用我的房间
I'm sure mom and dad are gonna leave it as
i s .我相信爸爸妈妈会把我的房间原样保存好

That's right. It's gonna be a shrine to you, 没错 这里会成为敬奉你的朝圣地
Because we're all gonna miss you so much. 因为我们都对你如此怀念
Look, I know you're trying to hide it, 我知道你在掩藏对我的不舍
But you're gonna miss me. 但你肯定会想我的
No, I won't. 我不会
Well, I'm gonna miss you! 我会想你的
You know, i'll never forget that time when
we...我不会忘记我们以前一起
Or when we, um... 当我们一起
You know what? Before I go, 这样吧 我离开之前
Let's do something together. 我们一起做点啥吧
Does this count? 这算吗
Get out. 出去
Oh, hey, Charlie. 查莉Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第7页/共3 4页
Whatcha doin'? 你在干什么
I'm packing for Yale. 我在打包去耶鲁的行李
Need some help? 需要帮忙吗
You gonna leave that TV, right? 你会把电视机留下的 对吗
'"Good night, moon..." 晚安 月亮
And... 还有
Good night to a whole bunch of other stuff. 晚安 其他所有东西
Hey, there he is! 你哥来啦
How was job hunting today? 今天工作找得怎么样
Terrible. 糟糕透了
Every restaurant I walked into was the same
thing.我找的每个餐馆都一样
tryout: n.试验;选拔赛;预赛; shrine: n.圣地;
As soon as the hostess finds out you're not a
customer,服务员一旦发现你不是来消费
They're not very nice to you. 态度就变得极其恶劣
'"Hello, sir, can I help you?" 先生您好 有什么可以帮您的吗
Yeah, they don't mean it. 他们口是心非
Well, tomorrow's another day. 明天又是新的一天
I don't know, dad. 老爸 我可不知道
The food biz is pretty tough to crack. 饮食行业很难进
Maybe I should just go back to my original
dream也许我应该重新回到我最初的梦想
Of being a baseball player or a police guy. 做一名棒球手或者警察
Your dream from when you were four? 你四岁时的梦想吗
Yes, I said my original dream. 是呀 我说了是最初的梦想
Look, it's not supposed to be easy. 找工作没你想象的那么容易
Hey, it's not like someone's just gonna knock
on the door不可能会有人来敲你家的门
And offer you a job. 然后主动提供给你一份工作
Hey hey, gravy ! 嘿 肉汁
H e y ,  buddy ! Hey, you need a job? 伙计 你需要找工作吗
Hey, Mr. D! - Hey. 邓肯叔 您好 -你好
Dude , how'd you know I needed a job? 伙计 你怎么知道我需要找工作
I read it in the Kwikky Chikki University
Alumni association newsletter我在咕唧鸡大学校友会报刊上看到Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第8页/共3 4页
That you graduated from cooking school. 你从烹饪学校毕业了
Kwikky chikki university 咕唧鸡大学
Has an alumni association? 有校友会吗
You were only there for two days. 你只在那里上过两天课
So we can't have a newsletter? 那我们还不能有校刊吗
I believe there was something about a job. 咱们还是说说工作的事儿吧
Yeah, my dad bought me my own food truck, 我爸爸给我买了一辆食品餐车
And I need a little help. Interested? 我需要帮忙 你有兴趣吗
Hey, he'll take it! 他愿意帮忙
When does he start? - Tomorrow. 他什么时候开工 -明天
hostess: n.女主人,女老板;女服务员;舞女;女房东; gravy: n.肉汁;不法利润;轻易得来的钱; buddy: n .
伙伴,好朋友; Dude: n.男人,小伙子; n.(Dude)人名; n.(非正式)花花公子; Alumni: n.(统称)校友,毕业
生 ;  newsletter: n.时事通讯;
Perfect! 太好了
Gravy, you have made us very happy. 肉汁 你让我们都非常高兴
It's what I do! 我就喜欢做这种事情
Hi. - Hi. 你好 -你好
I'm Gabe Duncan. I live a couple houses over. 我是盖比·邓肯 住在隔壁几栋
I just wanted to welcome you to the
neighborhood.我是来跟你说 欢迎来到我们社区
Oh. Well, thank you. 谢谢
But we're not officially neighbors 但是直到房子都检查好之后
Until after the inspection . 我们才可以正式成为邻居
But if everything goes well, we'll be moving in
right away.如果一切都正常的话 我们立刻搬进来
Oh, great story. So do you have any kids? 很好 你有小孩吗
Um, sure. 当然有
Matt, come here, there's somebody here who
wants to meet you.马特 过来 有人想见你
Gabe, this is my son Matt. - Hey. 盖比 这是我儿子马特 -你好
H e y . 你好
Oh. Excuse me. I have to take this. 不好意思 我得去接个电话
Hello? 你好
So, how you doin', Matt? 马特 你好吗
Okay. 很好
Good. Now tell me, Matt. 马特 告诉我Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第9页/共3 4页
Do you like trouble? You know, mischief ?你喜欢使坏吗 比如 恶作剧
Shenanigans ? 耍花招
Pranks ? 戏弄别人
No. - Don't lie to me. 不喜欢 -不要撒谎
Maybe a little. - Yeah, all right. 一点点啦 -这就对了
So, have you noticed the lady who lives next
door,你注意到那个住隔壁的那位女士了吗
Mrs. Dabney? 达布尼夫人
I guess so. 注意了
You guess not. Hands off. 你不能注意她 我命令你远离她
That poor beaten-down old lady is mine. 只有我可以捉弄那个老态龙钟的老太太
What are you talking about? 你说什么
Nobody pranks her but me. 只有我可以捉弄她
I  w a s  pranking her when you were in
diapers .当你还垫尿不湿的时候我就经常捉弄她了

I was pranking her when I was in diapers. 当我还垫尿不湿的时候我就开始捉弄她了

I was kind of a prodigy . 我算是恶作剧的天才
inspection: n.视察,检查; mischief: n.恶作剧;伤害;顽皮;不和; Shenanigans: n.恶作剧;诈骗;诡计
(shenanigan的复数); P r a n k s : n.恶作剧 v.盛装; (prank的三单形式); pranking: n.恶作剧,开玩笑;
d i a p e r s : n.尿布 (diaper的第三人称单数); prodigy: n.奇迹,奇事;奇才;奇观;预兆;
What I'm trying to say is leave her alone. 我想说的是离她远点儿
Okay. 没问题
Is there anybody I can prank? 那还有什么人我可以捉弄的吗
Yeah. Sure, man. I don't wanna tie your
hands.当然有 我不想限制你太多
Okay, Mr. Duggan across the street... 好吧 住在对面那条街的杜根先生
He does not have caller I.D. 他的手机没有来电显示
Use that as you will. 尽可能地抓住这个弱点
You're not gonna have any? 你真的一点都不吃嘛
No, ma'am. 是的 女士
Maybe i'll have a bite of yours. 我或许可以吃一口你的冰淇淋
So... What flavor you gonna get? 你想要什么口味
Vanilla . 香草味
Or... - Strawberry ? 或者 -草莓
Or... - Chocolate? 或者 -巧克力
Chocolate! If you insist. 巧克力吧 如果你坚持要的话Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 0页/共3 4页
Uh, excuse me? 你好
Spencer?! 斯宾塞
Why is everyone always so surprised to see
m e ?为什么每个人看到我都特别惊讶
What are you doing here? 你在这干什么
Yeah... I'm gonna give you a minute 我给你一分钟
To take in the uniform. 好好看看我的工作服
I mean, I thought you were in Boston . 我是说 我以为你在波士顿
Actually, i've been in Denver all summer. 实际上整个夏天我都在丹佛
I'm going back to school next week. 下周我就要回学校了
Why haven't you come by the house? 你为什么不来我们家坐坐呢
Well, you know, Teddy and I... 你知道 泰迪和我的关系
Oh, right. You two aren't... 是的 你们两个不再
Talking very much anymore. 理睬对方了
So how's she doing? 她还好吗
I'm getting her room! 我将要入住她的房间
She's going to Yale. 她要去耶鲁了
Really? Oh-ho, good for her. 真的吗 太好了
I knew she'd get in. 我就知道她会被耶鲁录取
And, uh, the room thing 小姑娘 房间的事
Has not been decided, little lady. 还没有最终决定
It's a girl's room. Just saying. 那就是女孩的房间 我就这么一说
So, is Teddy still dating that guy? 泰迪还在与那家伙约会吗
You know, the one with the, uh, 就是 那个谁
Hair and the fake smile? 长头发 笑得很假的那个
Beau ? - Yeah. 博吗 -对
flavor: n.情味,风味;香料;滋味;vt.加味于; Vanilla: n.香子兰,香草;adj.香草味的; Strawberry: 草 莓
Boston: n.波士顿(美国城市); B e au : n.花花公子;喜修饰者;情郎;adj.美的;好的;
Yeah, that was his weird name. 对 就是那个怪名字
No. No. He went back to Tennessee . 没 没 他回田纳西了
Too bad. 糟糕
Yeah, Teddy's doing okay with it. 这事对于泰迪已经翻篇了
I'm still struggling. 但我还在挣扎
Well, here she is. 就是这个了
What do you think? - "The gravy boat." 你觉得怎么样 - 肉汁船
You get it? 'Cause I'm gravy. 明白没 因为我叫肉汁Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 1页/共3 4页
Why the "Boat" Part? 那 船 字怎么来的呢
Oh, 'cause we serve fish... 因为我们卖鱼
With gravy. 肉汁鱼
Yeah, flounder with gravy, Halibut w i t h
gravy, COD with gravy.有肉汁小比目鱼 肉汁大比目鱼 肉汁鳕鱼

'"If you like fish, we got it covered... 如果你喜欢吃鱼 我们卖得就是
In gravy!" 肉汁鱼
Dude, I'm not sure about this concept. 伙计 我不确定你这个概念能行得通
Oh, come on. There's nothing else out there
like this.怕什么 就我们家卖这个 独一无二
There may be a reason for that. 这应该是有原因的
It sounds kinda gross. 这听起来有点恶心
No no, you're just not used to it yet. 不 不 你只是还没习惯而已
I mean, hey, the first time someone put eggs
and bacon我的意思是 当人们第一次看到鸡蛋和培根

On a plate together, I'm sure people were
like, "What?! Eggs come from chicken, bacon
comes from pig.在一个盘子的时候 我相信大家也都是 什么 鸡
蛋来自鸡 培根来自猪
I mean, this is chaos on a plate!" 拜托 盘子里简直是乱七八糟
I don't know, man. Fish and gravy? 老兄 我不知道 鱼和肉汁
Okay, what if we call it "Fish 'n' gravy"? 好吧 那我们叫它 肉汁 里 的鱼
Well, I do like things with "'n'" In the middle. 我的确喜欢名字中间带 里 的东西
All right, I'm in. 好吧 算我一个
First, we gotta go to the store, pick up a few
key supplies.首先 我们得去商店买一些关键用品
Like what? - Fish and gravy. 比如 -鱼和肉汁
Hey, dad. 老爸
Oh! Guess who I ran into at the yogurt s t o r e ? 你猜我在酸奶店遇到了谁
Spencer! 斯宾塞
Really? 真的吗
Tennessee: n.田纳西州(美国州名); flounder: vi.挣扎,折腾; n.挣扎,辗转; Halibut: n.[鱼]大比目鱼
(复数halibut); y o g u r t : n.酸奶酪,[食品]酸乳(等于yoghurt);
He's back in Denver? 他回丹佛了吗
Asked how you were doing. 还问你过得怎么样
He did? Wha... So, um... 是吗 那他
So how did he say it? Like he was just being
polite他是怎么说的 只是客套一下Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 2页/共3 4页
Or like he really wanted to know? 还是他真的想知道
Uh, i'm... I'm not sure. 我 我不太确定
Well, dad, did he say it like, "How's Teddy
doing?"好吧 老爸 他问的是 泰迪最近咋样
Or... "How's Teddy doing?" 还是 泰迪最近怎样啊
I don't know. 我不知道
I'm barely paying attention to this
conversation.我没怎么留意我们之间的谈话
Look, sweetie, if you wanna know, 听着 宝贝 你如果想知道
Go talk to him. 自己去问他
Dad, I can't do that. 老爸 我不能那么做
The last time he saw me, 上次他见我的时候
He said he didn't wanna be friends anymore. 他说他不想再和我做朋友了
Ahh, maybe he's changed his mind. 也许他改变主意了
That's what I want you to find out. 这就需要你去确定一下了
Me? - Yes. 我吗 -对
Tomorrow I want you to go back to the
yogurt store我想要你明天再去一趟酸奶店
And invite him to my going-away party. 然后邀请他来我的欢送派对
Okay. - Hold on. 好的 -等一下
When you invite him, you cannot say that it
was my idea.你邀请他的时候 不能说是我的主意
Okay? That way, if he says no, 好吗 那样 如果他拒绝了
You're the one who invited him, 你是邀请他的人
So it looks like you got rejected. 所以看起来是你被拒绝了
But if he says yes, 但是如果他答应了
That means he's open being friends again. 说明他又愿意和我做朋友了
And then you can tell him that I asked you to
ask him, okay?然后你就可以告诉他 是我要你去邀请他的 好
吗
I better write this down. 我最好把这个写下来
Remember when you asked me if I was a
good boyfriend?还记得你问我是不是一个好男友吗
I believe the answer has been confirmed. 我相信答案已经很明确了
You talk to that kid? 你和那个小孩谈过了吗
Oh, yes, the situation has been dealt with, 是的 问题已经解决了Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 3页/共3 4页
And I think I deserve a little reward. 我觉得我应该得到一点奖励
You want me to let you win this game? 你是想要我让你赢这局游戏吗
It's better when you don't say it. 如果你不说出来就更好了
You know, I really do appreciate it. 不过 我确实很感谢你
If my grandma's happy, I'm happy. 如果我外婆开心 我就开心
Help! Help! 救命 救命
Oh my gosh! That's her, come on! 我的天啊 是她 快来
Mrs. Dabney yelling for help used to be such
a happy sound.达布尼太太呼喊救命的声音曾经是多么的欢乐

Finally! 总算来人了
What happened? 发生什么事了
This happened! 如你所见
That kid from next door 隔壁那小子
Put glue on my chair. 在我的椅子上涂了胶水
You said you were gonna take care of this. 你说你会搞定这个的
I thought I did. The little weasel lied right to
my face.我以为我解决了 那小子当着我的面撒谎
weasel: vi.逃避;含糊其辞;n.鼬鼠;狡猾的人;
What's wrong with kids today? 现在的孩子都怎么了
Stop talking and get me out of this thing. 别说了 赶紧把我从椅子上弄下来
What do we do? 我们该怎么办
Well, if I know my glue... 如果我了解胶水的话
And I do... 而我确实了解
Then you need to go to the hardware store
and get some solvent .现在需要去五金店买些溶剂
All right, sit tight. 好吧 坐稳了
'"Sit tight." 坐稳了
Oh, that's pretty good. Come on. 别这样 那个很好笑的
Just go away. - Okay. 直接去就好了 -好吧
How did that kid know I was gonna sit in this
chair?那小子怎么知道我会坐这把椅子上
What if I sat in that one? 要是我坐这把呢
Devil child! 魔鬼孩子
H e l p ! 救命
I need your help. 我需要你的帮助
Well, I'm not a psychiatrist , 我不是心理医生Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 4页/共3 4页
But i'll see what I can do. 不过我能看看我能帮什么忙
Look, I don't have time to trade insults w i t h
you today.听着 我今天没时间和你对骂
Okay? I have a very important audition to be
t h e  co-host好吗 我有一个非常重要的试镜
For "Good morning Denver". 作为《早安丹佛》的搭档主持人
Why don't we start by talking about your
mom?我们还是先谈论一下你的妈妈吧
I'm serious. 我认真的
Look, now the key to this job is to look
interested现在这份工作的关键是 当菲尔说他那些无聊故
事时
When Phil is telling one of his boring stories. 我要表现得很感兴趣
Now that's where you come in. 现在就是你发挥作用的时候了
I want you to tell one of your boring stories 我想要你讲一个无聊的故事
And i'll react as if it's interesting. 然后我会表现得它好像很有趣一样
I happen to think my stories are interesting. 我觉得我的故事很有意思
And now so will I. 现在我也会这么觉得的
Okay, so go ahead. Just talk about anything 好吧 请讲吧 随便谈点什么
And I will throw in some co-host banter . 然后我会穿插一些搭档主持人的玩笑
I guess I could talk about tea. 我想我可以谈谈茶
solvent: adj.有偿付能力的; n.溶剂; psychiatrist: n.精神病学家,精神病医生; insults: v.侮辱; n.无礼;
(insult的复数); b a n t e r : n.无恶意的玩笑;
Tea! 茶
A favorite beverage 一种很受欢迎的饮料
Of all friends across the pond it is. 所有的朋友们都喜欢它
I wouldn't do the accent. 我不会说这口音
Okay okay, tell me more about tea. 好吧 多告诉我一些关于茶的事
Well, I like to sip my tea, but I don't like it to
get cold.我喜欢小口抿茶 但是我不想茶变冷
So what I do is I preheat the cup. 所以我就把茶杯预热
Preheat the cup? 把茶杯预热吗
I'm on the edge of my seat. 我听的很起劲啊
That's all I got. 就这些了
That's all you got? You say that as if it
weren't enough.就这些 你说得感觉这还不够啊
Oh! Debbie! 哦 黛比Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 5页/共3 4页
You are priceless . 你真是块瑰宝
Okay, I need you to tell 好吧 我想要你给我讲个
Me a sad story so I can work on my sad face. 悲伤的故事 然后我可以练习一下我的伤心的表
情
Something sad. 悲伤的事
Deedee won a goldfish at the county fair... 蒂蒂在县市集赢了条金鱼
But it didn't last too long. 但是金鱼没活多久
What happened to it? 怎么了
The cat ate it. 被猫吃了
It's the circle of life. 这是生命的轮回
Sunrise, sunset. 日出 日落
We'll be back right after 短暂休息之后
This short break. 我们马上回来
Oh, hey, Mr. Duncan. 邓肯叔
Hey, Spencer. Uh, listen. 斯宾塞 听着
We're having a little going-away party for, uh,
Teddy我们要给泰迪举办一个小型欢送派对
Tomorrow night, "And, uh, I was wondering
if you wanted to come by.明天晚上 然后 我想知道你愿不愿意一起来

That's my idea, not hers. 这是我的主意 不是她的
She doesn't know I'm here. 她不知道我在这
Has no idea I'm inviting you." 不知道我在邀请你
And a large chocolate with sprinkles . 还有一份大杯巧克力味的 加糖霜
I'm sorry, what was that? 抱歉 你说什么
Okay, you know what? Let's just start with
the important stuff...好吧 我们先说重要的事
beverage: n.饮料; preheat: vt.预先加热; priceless: adj.无价的; n.非卖品; goldfish: n.金鱼;
county: n.郡,县; sprinkles: v.洒,微雨; n.零星散布的东西; (sprinkle的复数形式);
Large chocolate with sprinkles, please. 大杯巧克力味的 加糖霜
So you want me to come to Teddy's party? 你说想要我参加泰迪的派对
Yeah. Me. 对 是我
Not her. 不是她
Un... Unless of course you say yes. 当然除非你答应
And then, I don't know... 然后 我不知道了
I guess the whole thing's different. 我觉得越说越不对劲了
I don't know. 我不知道
Let me think about it. 让我想想吧Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 6页/共3 4页
All right. Well, I understand. 好的 我理解
You and Teddy have been through a lot. 你和泰迪一路走来经历了很多
You know, you gotta look down deep into
your heart and fig...你应该弄明白你内心深处是怎么想的 然后

Seriously, dude, that's all the sprinkles you're
gonna give me?有没有搞错 伙计 你就只给我这么点儿糖霜吗

Oh oh! Finally our first customer. 我们的第一个顾客总算来了
Uh, actually, that's my girlfriend. 实际上 那是我女朋友
And I had to beg her to come here. 我求她来的
Thanks, skyler. 谢了 斯凯勒
Ahoy ,  Matey ! 朋友 你好
Welcome to the gravy boat. 欢迎来到肉汁号
Fish with gravy? 鱼加肉汁
You owe me. 你欠我的
Would you like to try our special today? 你想不想尝尝我们今天的特制品
The mystery fish? 神秘鱼
Ooh! What's the mystery fish? 神秘鱼是什么
We forgot when we put the gravy on. 我们加肉汁之后就忘记是什么鱼了
I'll try the Halibut with gravy. 我要大比目鱼加肉汁
Here you go. 给你
Uh, what's wrong? 怎么了
Well, I like the fish... 我喜欢这鱼
And I like the gravy. 也喜欢这肉汁
I'm just not sure I like the two together. 我只是不太喜欢这两种混在一起
I like p. J... And I like you. 我喜欢PJ 也喜欢你
I'm just not sure I like the two of you
together.我只是不太喜欢你们俩在一起
Oh, Gravy, come on. 肉汁 拜托
Admit it. It's a terrible idea. 承认吧 这是个糟糕的主意
What? We don't belong together? 什么 我们不应该在一起吗
No. No no no. 不不不 当然不是
Fish and gravy. 是鱼和肉汁
Guys, come on! 伙计们 别这样
How bad could it possibly be? 这能有多难吃啊
Okay, yeah. It's pretty bad. 好吧 是的 相当难吃
A h o y : int.喂！;啊嘿！(呼叫船只或人的声音); M a t e y : adj.友好的;易为人亲近的;n.伙伴;朋友;Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 7页/共3 4页
What are we gonna do now? 我们现在怎么办
Well, I don't know what you're gonna do, 我不知道你要怎么办
But I'm outta here! Abandon ship! 但我可要走了 弃船
W h a t ? ! 什么
You're the captain now. 现在你是船长了
You're giving me your truck? What are you
gonna tell your dad?你要把卡车给我吗 那你怎么跟你爸爸解释

Same thing I told him when he got me a
plane: "I lost it!"跟他给我一架飞机的时候的说法一样 我弄丢了

Gravy out! 肉汁走了
What do you want? 你想干嘛
I thought I told you hands off Mrs. Dabney. 我想我已经告诉过你别招惹达布尼太太
I don't have to listen to you, old man! 我干嘛要听你的 老头
You're past your prime. What are you, 13? 你的时代已经过去了 你高寿 13岁吗
14. 14岁
Then go take a nap, grandpa. 去打个盹吧 老爷爷
Look, all I'm asking 听我说 我唯一的要求是
Is that you leave Mrs. Dabney alone. 不要去招惹达布尼太太
Once I move in, I'm gonna do whatever I
w a n t只要我搬进来了 我想干嘛干嘛
To whoever I want and there's nothing you
can do to stop me!想招惹谁招惹谁 你管不了我
Yeah, well, in this neighborhood you're not
welcome, Matt.好吧 那我们这里不欢迎你 马特
Get it? 明白吗
Welcome mat. 欢迎垫
L a m e  ! 逊
That was lame! 确实很逊
Man, i've lost it. 天哪 我已不复当年勇了
But I'm gonna get it back. 但是我一定会回来的
Hear that?! Getting it back! 听到了吗 会回来的
Now I'm talking to a door. 我现在居然在跟一扇门说话
What happened to me?! 我怎么了
Hey, Charlie. 查莉
Last video diary. Here we go. 最后一个视频日记 开始了
Oh, um, actually, 其实Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 8页/共3 4页
Before I get to the big piece of wisdom that'll
summarize the last four years,在我说到一个能概括过去四年的大智慧之前

There's just one little thing that I wanted to
mention.有一件小事我想提一下
So dad ran into Spencer at a yogurt store 老爸在酸奶店遇到了斯宾塞
And he may or may not be coming to my
farewell party.然后他可能来也可能不来我的欢送派对
Interesting, right? 有意思 对不对
Anyway, that said, the big wisdom is... 言归正传 刚说的 这个大智慧就是
Abandon: n.狂热;放任;vt.遗弃;放弃; Lame: adj.瘸的; n.(金属)薄板; v.使残废;
Wait, why wouldn't he say yes or no? 等等 他为什么不说来或不来
Why "Maybe"? 为什么是 可能
Okay, I'm sorry. I got distracted, 好吧 抱歉 我跑题了
The big message is... 这个大智慧就是
I need to know if he's coming to the party. 我必须要知道他会不会来派对
D a d ! 老爸
On tomorrow's show 在明天的节目里
I'm gonna start with a funny story about you
kids.我要从一个有关你们几个孩子的有趣故事开始

Okay. But mom, just don't forget to listen. 好的 但是妈妈 别忘了要聆听
Oh, thanks. I just got it. 哦 谢了 我知道了
Is she okay? 妈妈没事吧
Charlie, it's mom. 查莉 那是妈妈
Of course she's not okay. 她当然有事
Teddy, I know I'm focused on the show, but I
want you to know泰迪 我知道我专心于这个节目 但是我想让你
知道
That I'm really looking forward to your going-
away party.我真的很期待你的欢送派对
Thanks, mom. 谢了 妈妈
I can't believe it's the last time 真不敢相信这会是
I'm gonna see everybody before I go off to
college.我上大学之前最后一次见到大家
It's the last time everyone will see me 这是我成为一个国际媒体大红人之前
Before I become a giant international media
celebrity.大家最后一次看到我
Mom, you have an outside chance to be the
second banana老妈 你是在地方台的三流电视节目Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第1 9页/共3 4页
On a third-rate local TV show. 跑跑龙套
Isn't it exciting? 是不是很激动人心
Okay, dad. You can look now. 好的 老爸 你现在可以看了
Gravy's food truck. 肉汁的快餐车
Wondered what that smell was. 那是什么味道
It's not gravy's anymore. 现在不是肉汁的了
I t ' s  m i n e . 是我的
What? - Yeah. He gave it to me. 什么 -是的 他给我了
Isn't that amazing? 是不是很棒
I got it for free! 没花钱就得到了
Well, what are you gonna do with it? 那你要用它做什么
Make it my own. All I need are two things: 做我自己的快餐车 我需要的就两件事
A new concept and a wise investor . 一个全新的想法和一个明智的投资者
Oh, p.J., I don't know. PJ 我不知道
I just need a little help getting started. 我只是需要一点资助运转起来
Food trucks are hot right now. - Yeah. 现在快餐车很热门的 -是啊
I mean, i've seen them with Mexican food 我是说 我见过卖墨西哥菜的
investor: n.投资者;
And Korean, lobster rolls... 韩国菜的 龙虾卷的
Are you as hungry as I am right now? 你现在有没有跟我一样饿
What do you say? 你怎么说
Let's do it! 我们干吧
Y e s ! 太棒了
All right, i'll be your partner. 好的 我将是你的合伙人
Okay. Now as your partner, 好的 现在作为你的合伙人
I think the first thing we should do 我认为我们要做的第一件事
Is roll down the windows 是摇下车窗
And take this bad boy out on the highway. 然后把这个家伙开到高速公路上
Air out the fish and gravy? 把鱼和肉汁的味道放出去吗
Air out the fish and gravy. 把鱼和肉汁的味道放出去
Okay, let's review. 好吧 我们来回顾一下
You were supposed to go next door and talk
to that devil child你本应该到隔壁去和那个魔鬼孩子谈谈的

And you failed! 但是你失败了
Horribly! 彻底失败
Well, you ended up glued to a chair, 好吧 你被黏在椅子上Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 0页/共3 4页
So it wasn't a total loss. 所以这并不是彻底的失败
We just need a plan 我们只需要一个计划
To keep him and his family from buying that
house.阻止他和他的家人买那栋房子
Well, if knowing that you're their neighbor
isn't enough,如果你是他们的邻居这一点还不够的话
I'm not sure what else to do. 我不知道还能做什么
Well, think of something. 想想办法
Okay. 好吧
Well... 嗯
Come on, Gabe. We just need an evil plan. 加油 盖比 我们只是需要一个邪恶的计划

This is where you shine. 这是你的闪光点啊
I know, I know! Stop pressuring m e . 我知道 我知道 别催我
Just go crazy. Nothing is too evil. 疯狂点 越邪恶越好
I can always pull you back. 我随时可以把你拉回来
I usually plan this kind of stuff behind your
back.我通常在你背后计划这种事
You're making me nervous. 你让我紧张
I'll turn around. 那我转过去
That certainly can't hurt. 这当然还不足以造成伤害
See?! You can still think of insults. 看到没 你依旧会嘲讽
Insults are easy. I mean, look at you! 嘲讽你小菜一碟 我是说 看看你的样子
Stop that! 别闹
Dad, I got it! 老爸 我想到了
Got what? - The concept for the food truck. 想到什么 -快餐车的创意
lobster: n.龙虾;龙虾肉; glued: adj.胶合的; v.粘; (glue的过去分词); pressuring: v.(美)对…施加压力
(pressure的ing形式);
Two words:Peanut butter and jelly . 两个字 花生酱加果酱
Wait, that's four words. 等等 那是四个字
Although peanut butter might be hyphenated
.话说花生酱到底是几个字
Do you have a dictionary? 你有字典吗
Wait a minute. 等一下
Peanut butter and jelly? 花生酱加果酱吗
That's it? 就这样吗
N o . 不是Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 1页/共3 4页
Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches . 花生酱加果酱三明治
Meets? 还有呢
W i t h  meats ? 加肉吗
That will be terrible. - No. 那会很难吃的 -不是这个
Peanut butter and jelly meets something else. 是花生酱果酱和其他东西一起
No. Just peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. 不 就是花生酱加果酱三明治
That's all. It's simple. Perfect. 就这个 简单 完美
P.J., I'm not shelling out big bucks for a p.B.
And j. Truck.PJ 我不会用一大笔钱去买个花生酱加果酱三明
治卡车
I thought you said you believed in me. 我以为你说过你相信我的
I do. I do. 我相信 我相信
I... I just don't believe in peanut butter and
jelly.我 我只是不相信花生酱和果酱
Well, that's who I am, dad. 那就是我 老爸
Why don't you think about French food? 你为什么不考虑下法国菜呢
You're really good at that. 你做得很不错的
No, French food isn't my vision. 不行 法国菜不是我的梦想
No, but it could be our vision. 不对 但它可以成为我们的梦想
With all due respect, dad, 恕我直言 老爸
Just write the checks and leave the creative to
m e .把支票签了 创意的部分交给我
Your ideas aren't that good. 你的想法不敢恭维
Where's the respect in that? 你说得太直白了吧
Well, dad, if you say "With all due respect" 老爸 如果你先说 恕我直言
You can say whatever you want. 你就可以想说什么说什么
Don't you know anything about running a
business?企业经营的事情你一窍不通吗
With all due respect. 恕我直言
I think it's a mistake to jump on the very first
idea.我觉得凭第一印象就做决定不明智
jelly: n.果冻;胶状物;vi.成胶状;vt.使结冻; hyphenated: adj.带有连字符号的; v.用连字符连接
(hyphenate的过去分词); sandwiches: 三明治(sandwich的复数) meats: n.肉类(meat的复数);
shelling: n.去皮; v.剥去…的外壳; (shell的ing形式); b u c k s : n.雄鹿队 (英国伦敦附近的一个郡名);
It wasn't the first idea. 那个不是第一印象
Peanut butter was the first idea! 花生酱才是第一印象
Jelly came to me in a dream! 果酱是我做梦的时候想到的
Hey, Teddy. 泰迪Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 2页/共3 4页
Oh, I'm so glad you guys are back together. 我很高兴你们又在一起了
You're like the yin to each other's Yang. 你们就像彼此的阴阳
Oh, I don't know what yin is. 我不懂什么是阴
And I don't know what Yang is. 我不懂什么是阳
Exactly. 就是这样
Hey, vonnie. 翁妮
Oh, hey, Teddy! 泰迪
One of the more rockin' parties i've been to, 是我去过的最顶呱呱的派对之一
I gotta say. 我不得不说
Do you go to a lot of parties? 你去过很多派对吗
Uh, no, ma'am, I do not. 没有 女士 我没有去过
Oh, Victor, i'll miss you most of all. 维克多 我会格外想念你的
Teddy, I'm going to Yale with you. 泰迪 我要跟你一起去耶鲁
So I can't say my favorite line from "The
wizard of oz"?所以我就不能说 绿野仙踪 里我最喜欢的台词
了吗
Plus, it's a pretty big campus. 另外 校园相当大的
We might not be seeing a lot of each other. 我们可能不会经常见面的
Good. We're on the same page. 太好了 我也是这么想的
I'll get it! 我来开门
Uh... Come on in. 请进
Who's that guy? 那家伙是谁
I don't know, but he's always around. 我不知道 不过他总是在附近晃悠
I wasn't sure if you were gonna come. 我不确定你是否会来
Well, here I am. 这不是来了么
I'm just glad your dad invited me. 我只是很庆幸你爸爸邀请了我
Actually, um... That was my idea. 其实吧 那是我的主意
Yeah, I kinda figured when he had to read 其实看他照着字条念时
The invitation out loud. 我就猜到了
Spence! 斯宾塞
Glad you could make it, buddy. 伙计 你能来真好
Thanks, Mr. Duncan. 谢谢你 邓肯叔叔
Oh! Hey, the big bug's back. 这个大虫子又回来了
Yeah, Amy's distracted. 是啊 趁艾米心不在焉
I thought it'd be a good time to bring him out
of the garage.我想今天是把它从车库里拿出来的好时机

Bob, what is this doing here? 鲍伯 这玩意怎么在这儿啊Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 3页/共3 4页
And away he goes. 它该走了
D a d . 老爸
PJ P.J. 
Crush anyone's dreams lately? 最近又毁了谁的梦想没有
So things aren't going so great between the
two of you, huh?你俩那事进展得不是很顺利 是吧
w i z a r d : n.男巫;术士;奇才;adj.男巫的;巫术的;
N o . 是啊
That's too bad. 'Cause you know what he was
really excited about?真可惜 你知道他为什么那么兴奋吗
Being your partner. 做你的搭档
Well, I let him give me money. 我让他给我提供资金了啊
And that was very generous on your part. 站在你的角度想是挺美的
But... 但是
Maybe he didn't wanna just write a check,
you know?你知道吗 他不只是想开张支票而已
Maybe he actually wanted to work with you. 也许他真心想跟你合作
Do you understand what I'm saying? 你明白我的意思吗
Because it's time for mommy to go back to
thinking about her audition again.因为你老妈我现在要去继续想试镜的事了

Thanks, mom. You're really... 谢谢老妈 你真
Eh eh eh. It's already started. 已经开始想了
Ohhh... She came from Colorado 她来自科罗拉多州
With a laptop on her knee 膝上放个笔记本
She's moving to Connecticut 她就要去康乃迪克州
A  yalie she will be 成为耶鲁的一员
Teddy Duncan 泰迪·邓肯
We're sad to see you leave 我们不舍你离去
We know you'll make some friends out there 在那你会结识新朋友
And one might be named... Steve. 他的名字叫 斯蒂
We ran out of time on the lyrics . 我们来不及写歌词了
Hey, if you do make a friend named Steve, 如果你真的交到一个叫斯蒂的朋友
Text me, 'cause that'd be so freaky . 别忘了给我发信息 那样就太诡异了
What's all this racket over here? 这里吵什么呢
Having a little good-bye party for Teddy. 在给泰迪办告别派对呢
Is there something you wanna say to her? 你有什么要跟她说的么Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 4页/共3 4页
Yeah. Keep it down! 有啊 小点声
The noise is driving me crazy. 简直要吵死我了
I'm gonna miss her. 我会想念她的
Mrs. Dabney. - What? 达布尼太太 -干嘛
You just gave me an idea about how we're
gonna get rid of that kid.你刚给了我灵感 怎么去摆脱那个熊孩子
Colorado: n.科罗拉多;[城]科罗拉多州;科罗拉多河; Connecticut: n.美国康乃迪克州(位于美国东北
部 ) ;  yalie: n.耶鲁大学学生; lyrics: n.歌词;抒情诗(lyric的复数); f r e a k y : adj.畸形的;捉摸不定的(等于
freakish); r a c k e t : n.球拍;
I knew that evil brain wouldn't let me down. 我就知道你那魔鬼大脑不会让我失望的
The original devil child is still the best. 原版的魔鬼孩子还是最棒的
Okay, who wants to sing next? 好了 下一个谁想唱
I'd do it myself, but I'm saving my voice for
my...我想唱一个来着 可我得保护好嗓子去
Audition. 试镜
Teddy and Spencer. 泰迪和斯宾塞
Wh... What do you mean, Charlie? 你什么意思啊 查莉
Teddy and Spencer what? - Sing. 泰迪和斯宾塞什么 -合唱
Uh, I don't think so. 我觉得这样不好
Please. 求你啦
Yeah, why not? 是啊 为什么不呢
You know, for old time's sake. 看在以往的情分上
Yeah. - Yeah, come on, you guys. 是啊 -你们俩来一个吧
Please. 请吧
Okay. 那好吧
Um, what do you wanna sing? 你想唱哪一首
How about that one song 就唱我们准备在才艺秀上
That we were gonna do for the talent show? 演唱的那一首怎么样
Oh, yeah. 好啊
Okay. 来吧
It's a little bit funny this feeling inside 这内心深处的感觉 有一点有趣
I'm not one of those 我不是那种
Who can easily hide 轻易隐藏感情的人
I don't have much money 我没有太多的钱
But, boy, if I did 但是 如果我有
I'd buy a big house where 我会买一栋大房子Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 5页/共3 4页
We both could live 我们可以一起住在里面
If I was a sculptor 如果我是雕刻家
But then again, no 但可惜我不是
Or a man who makes potions 会调制魔药的人也行啊
In a traveling show 整天巡回演出
I know it's not much 我知道那远远不够
But it's the best I can do 可我已尽我所能
My gift is my song 我的礼物是首歌
And this one's for you 这首歌送给你
And you can tell everybody 你可以自豪地告诉大家
This is your song 这是我给你的歌
It may be quite simple 也许太过简单呢
But now that it's done 但它马上就唱完了
I hope you don't mind 希望你不要介意
I hope you don't mind 我希望你不要介意
That I put down in words 我用言语记录下
How wonderful life is While you're in the
world.有你在的生活 是多么的美妙
Good morning, Denver! 早安丹佛
Today's guest co-host is our very own mama
bird,今天的搭档主持是我们的独家 妈妈鸟
Amy Duncan. 艾米·邓肯
Good morning, Amy. 早安艾米
Good morning, Phil. 早安 菲尔
sculptor: n.雕刻家; potions: n.药剂,药水;魔药(potion的复数形式);
Sorry. 抱歉
Good morning, Denver. 早安丹佛
And good morning, Phil. 早安菲尔
So nice to have you with us. 你能来参加这档节目真好
Y e s . 是啊
Kids are funny. 孩子们很有趣
Okay. 好吧
Anyway, why don't you tell us a little bit
about yourself?不管怎样 你能不能跟我们谈谈你自己
Well, Phil, I'm a Denver girl, 这个嘛 菲尔 我是个丹佛姑娘
Born and raised, 土生土长Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 6页/共3 4页
And the mother of five beautiful children. 而且是五个美丽孩子的妈妈
Names? 名字是什么呢
Yes, we named them. 是的 我给他们取了名字
No, I mean... - We're very traditional that
w a y .不我是说 -我们取得很传统的
I meant, what are their names? 我是说 他们的名字是什么
Um... They are... 他们叫
One of them is... 其中一个叫
Um, I know one of them 我知道其中一个
Just goes by initials . 只用首字母简写的
Um... I'm so sorry, I'm blanking . 很抱歉 我大脑一片空白
Totally understandable. You're a little
nervous.完全可以理解 你有一点紧张
Oh, thank you. I just got it. 多谢理解 我是有一点啦
Have a seat. 坐下吧
Dad, first of all... 老爸 首先
I want to apologize for my behavior
yesterday.我想为昨天我的行为道歉
I was out of line. 我有点过了
All right. Apology accepted. 好吧 接受你的道歉
This is the part where you might chime i n
with "I'm sorry too."这时候你应该配合一下说 我也很抱歉
And if I had anything to apologize for, 如果我也有不对的地方的话
I certainly would. 我当然会道歉
I'll just pretend you did. 那我就假装你有错
Even though I didn't? - You're forgiven. 尽管我确实没错 -我原谅你了
Anyway, I, uh, did some thinking. 总之 我想了一下
And I want you to try something. 我想让你尝尝这个
Looks like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. 看起来像是一个花生酱果酱三明治啊
Just try it. 你就尝尝吧
Wow! What's in this? 这里面是什么啊
Freshly-ground, handpicked G e o r g i a
peanuts新鲜出土 精心挑选的乔治亚州花生
initials: n.首字母; (initial的复数); blanking: n.消除; v.消失,使模糊不清 (blank的现在分词);
c h i m e : vi.鸣响; n.钟声; handpicked: adj.偏心挑选的,精心挑选出来的; v.用手采摘; (handpick的过
去分词); peanuts: 花生(peanut的复数)
With homemade strawberry preserves 还有自制草莓果酱Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 7页/共3 4页
On locally-baked artisan bread. 夹在当地烘培的面包
This is fantastic. 这太棒了
It... It's the best sandwich i've ever had. 这 这是我吃过最好的三明治
I mean, the peanut butter 我是说 这花生酱
And the jelly and the bread and... And... 还有这果酱和面包 还有
Well, that's pretty much it, 差不多就这些了
But wow, it's really good! 但是 真心赞啊
Now I have another surprise for you. 现在我献上另外一份惊喜
Here it is. - Uh, b. And p.J.'S P.B. And J.S. 就是这个 -B和PJ的和花生酱加果酱的三明治

I don't get it. - You're the "B." 我看不懂 -你就是B
I'm the "B"? 我是B
Oh! I'm the "B"! 我是B耶
And I have one more surprise for you. 然后我还有一个惊喜给你呢
Welcome to b. And p.J.'S p.B. And j. 欢迎光临B和PJ的和花生酱加果酱的三明治

I ' m  E . 我是E
And not only that; He's moving out. 还不止呢 他就要搬出去了
Yup, found my own place. 是啊 找到我自己的地盘了
I'm the "B." 我是B
'"E" Is moving out. E要搬走了
Oh, this is fantastic. 简直棒呆了
Are you okay? 你还好吗
It's just all happening so fast. 幸福来得太突然了
Is that my scarf ? 这不是我的头巾吗
Yeah. 是啊
And... - And we're back. 欢迎 -欢迎回来
I do that part, Amy. 这句由我来说 艾米
See where it says "Phil:And we're back." 看见那里写着 菲尔:欢迎回来
'"Amy:Yes, we are." 艾米:是的欢迎
You don't have to read "Amy." 我们不用念 艾米
Whose part do I read? 那我该读谁的呢
Just don't say "Amy." 只要别说 艾米 就行
Got it. 明白了
I'll just sit here quiet as a mouse. 我就像小老鼠一样乖乖坐在这里
A mouse with a cellphone . 有手机的老鼠Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 8页/共3 4页
Why don't you answer it? 你怎么不接啊
Hello? 你好
Oh, Charlie. Charlie! 查莉 查莉
Charlie. 查莉
Yeah, you can see me on TV. 是的 你可以在电视上看见我
Yeah, I know. I'm not doing a very good job. 我知道 我表现得不够好
Why, yes. 是啊
That man does look mad at me. 这个男人确实想冲我发火了
preserves: n.果酱;蜜饯; artisan: n.工匠,技工; scarf: 围巾 cellphone: n.蜂窝式便携无线电话;大哥
大 ;
Why don't you put her on speaker? 你开一下免提怎么样
Hold on, honey. 等一下啊宝贝
Look, Charlie, honey, now you're on TV too. 查莉 甜心 你现在也上电视了
Mommy, I don't care if you're doing bad. 妈咪 我不在意你表现得好不好
I still love you. 我都爱你
I love you too, Charlie. 我也爱你 查莉
And I miss you. 我想你了
I miss you too. 我也想你
Don't worry. After this, I think I will be
spending a lot of time at home.别担心 在这之后 我想我又要整天呆在家里了

Hi. I, um... I left my jacket here yesterday. 我 我昨天把夹克落在这里了
Oh, yeah. 是啊
There you go. 给你
Thanks. 谢啦
Why don't I walk you out? 我送你出去吧
You know, I had a great time yesterday. 我昨天很开心
I mean, it was really great seeing everybody. 我是说 见到大家很开心
Especially you. 尤其是你
Yeah, and I'm so glad we're back to being
friends again.是啊 我很开心我们又是朋友了
Yeah, me too. 是啊 我也这么觉得
You know, Boston and New Haven are
pretty close.波士顿和纽黑文市很近的
Maybe we can make plans to see each other? 我们可以随时聚聚
Yeah, no, I'd love that. 好啊 我挺喜欢这样的
So would I. 我也是
Yeah, it'd be awesome to see each other. 看见彼此是挺棒的Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第2 9页/共3 4页
You know, as friends. 你懂得 作为朋友
Yeah. Yeah, as friends. 是啊是啊 作为朋友
Or maybe more than friends? 或许比朋友更进一步呢
Yeah, that works too. 好啊 那也不错
You know, I... 你知道的 我
I left my jacket here on purpose. 我是故意落下夹克的
I know. 我知道
Excuse me. What is going on?! 打扰一下 这是怎么回事
I'm sorry, what did you say? 不好意思啊 你说什么
I said, "What's going on?" 我说 这是怎么回事
Rehearsal . This is the edgewood drive
marching band.排练啊 这是艾奇伍德飞车游行乐队
This street has a marching band? 这条街还有个游行乐队
Doesn't every street? 不是每条街都有吗
How often do you practice? 你们多久排练一次
awesome: adj.令人敬畏的; Rehearsal: n.排演;预演;练习;训练;叙述; edgewood: 埃奇伍德;
marching: 行军,进军(march的现在进行时)
Once a day for three hours. 每天一次 每次三个小时
Except on weekends. 周末例外
Then we practice twice a day for six hours. 每天俩次 每次六个小时
No. Isn't there anywhere else that you can
practice?难道你们就没有别的地方可以排练吗
No, the acoustics are perfect right here, 没有 这地方的音效简直太完美了
Because the sound bounces off your house. 这声音从你的房子上反弹回来
Oh, you know what? I wonder if that's why
that house is always for sale.你知道吗 我还纳闷为啥这房子老是出售啊

Huh. 是啊
Never put that together. 从没这么把这两点联系起来呢
Emmett, hit it! 埃米特 开始吧
Order up. 上菜啦
Thank you. 谢谢
There you go. 给你
Enjoy your b. And p.J.'S p.B. And j. 享用你的B和PJ的和花生酱加果酱的三明治

I'm the "B." Whatever. 我就是B 无所谓啦
Dad, you don't need to say that every time. 老爸 你没必要每次都说Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第3 0页/共3 4页
But I love it! 可是我乐意
This is fantastic! 这真是太棒了
No wonder their truck is such a big success. 怪不得他们的餐车这么受欢迎
I gotta say, this is a good p.B. And j. 不得不说 这花生酱和果酱真不错
I'm not usually a p.B. And j. Guy. 我一般不是爱吃花生酱和果酱的人
Mm. I'm all about the Turkey club usually. 我最喜欢火鸡培根三明治
Oh, now the B. L.T... That's a close second. 其次就是火腿 莴苣加番茄三明治
And then you get into what I call "The
overrated salads . "再有就是我常说的 高估的沙拉
You know, you got your tuna, your
chicken...你懂得 有金枪鱼 有鸡肉
Just eat the sandwich. 吃你的三明治吧
I'm sorry about "Good morning Denver,"
Mom.《早安丹佛》的事我很遗憾 妈妈
It's okay. 没关系的
At least I got to live out my dream for one
day.至少我那一天也算美梦成真了
Right? That's more than most people get. 对吧 比大多数人要强
So what are you gonna do now? 那你现在要干什么呢
Oh, I don't know. 我也不知道
Focus on what's really important in my life. 专注于我生命中最重要的东西
acoustics: n.声学;音响效果,音质; bounces: n.弹; v.弹回; (bounce的三单形式); overrated: a d j . 评
价过高的; v.对…估计过高 (overrate的过去分词); salads: n.色拉(salad的复数形式);
Your family? 你的家庭吗
Yeah. Okay, sure. 好吧 当然
Hello? 喂
I... I did? 我 真的吗
Okay, thanks. 好的 谢谢
Um, yeah. Bye. 好啊 再见
That was "Good morning Denver." 《早安丹佛》的人打电话来了
I got the job. 我被录用了
W h a t ? ! 什么
I got the job. 我被录用了
The viewers found the call from Charlie 评委们觉得查莉打来的电话
To be heartwarming . 很温暖人心
They said it made me sound like a regular
person.他们说那通电话让我看起来像个正常人Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第3 1页/共3 4页
You're welcome, mommy. 不用谢了 妈咪
What's this? - It's a pie. 这是什么 -这是个派
I made it for you. 我给你做的
Is it gonna explode? 这会不会爆炸
No. - Is it gonna make me sick? 不是 -会让我生病吗
N o . 不会
Then what's the point? 那还送这玩意儿干嘛
I was just trying to thank you 我只是想谢谢你
For keeping that family from moving in. 帮我赶走了那一家
Your plan worked. 你的计划奏效了
Oh. Well, thank you. 好吧 谢谢你
Thank goodness I'm not gonna have to worry
about that kid.感谢上苍我再也不用担心那个孩子了
You know what? 你知道吗
You're not gonna have to worry about me
either.你也不用担心我了
I'll be 15 soon. I'm moving on with my life. 我马上就15岁了 我要向着新生活迈进
I guess this is the end of an era. 我猜旧时代已经结束了吧
It's been a heck of a ride. 那一阵真糟糕
It sure has. 的确
We've had some bad times. 我们有过一段不愉快的时光
We've had some worse times. 还有些更不愉快的时光
Through it all, there was the hatred. 仔细想想 都是憎恨惹的祸
A l w a y s . 一直都是
You know, you taught me an important life
lesson:你知道吗 你教给我很重要的一课
To fear and mistrust adults. 怀疑和害怕成年人
You taught me that children are the future 你教给我 少年就是未来
And the future is a dark and scary place. 未来是充满黑暗和疯狂的
Goodbye, Mrs. Dabney. 再见 达布尼太太
I can't believe 难以置信
I'm finally gonna have a devil-child-free life! 我真的要开始过没有魔鬼孩子的生活了
What's the matter? 怎么了
I just saw it. The... The twinkle. 我刚看到了 那闪光
He has that same evil twinkle. 他也有那种眼神
heartwarming: adj.感人的;暖人心房的; mistrust: vt.不信任; n.不信任;Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第3 2页/共3 4页
Toby ? 托比
Y e s . 是的
It... It's happening again. 这 这又要开始了吗
There's another devil child. 这是另一个恶魔男孩
She's all yours, kid. 她是你的了 小子
Okay, everybody, 好了各位
This is Teddy's last breakfast before she
leaves for college.这是泰迪离开之前最后一顿早餐了
So I want everyone to treat it just like it's
another day,我想让大家像平常一样对待
Okay? 好吗
You're doing great, mom. 你做的很好了 老妈
Thank you. 谢谢
Okay, I'm all packed. 好了 我打包好了
Ohh, here I go. 我又来了
Oh, dad. You're such a... 老爸 你真是个
B i g  softie . 心软的人
Well, don't look at me. I'm not gonna... 别看我啊 我才不会
Dang i t . 该死
I'm gonna miss you, Teddy. 我会想念你的 泰迪
Aww, I'm gonna miss you too, Charlie. 我也会想念你的 查莉
I'm gonna miss all you guys. 我会想念你们每一个人
W a i t . 等一下
I finally figured out what I wanna say for my
video diary.我终于想到要在最后一个视频日记里说什么了

Come on, I want all you guys to be in it with
m e .快来啊 我想你们大家和我一起来
Well, Charlie. I guess this is it. 好了查莉 我想就是这样了
You know, I started making these video
diaries你知道吗 我录视频日记的初衷
To help you survive our crazy family. 是想帮助你幸存于我们这疯狂的一家子
And after four years of doing them, 录了四年之后 我明白了
I've realized how lucky we are to be a part of
this family.生活在这个大家庭里是多么的幸运
And just know that... 你只要记住
As long as you've got us, 只要你和我们在一起Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第3 3页/共3 4页
You always will have... 你永远都会是
Come on, guys, say it with me... 来吧各位 和我一起说
Good luck, Charlie. 好运查莉
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
T o b y : n.托比(男子名);矮胖老人形啤酒杯; softie: n.笨人;柔弱的人; Dang: int.讨厌;见鬼(等于damn);
diaries: n.日记,日记簿;日志(diary的复数形式);
I've been there, i've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future's bright 可是我知道你会有美好将来
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There's no maybe 不要怀疑
Everything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Sure life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me it comes back around 但是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, baby. 宝贝 不要放弃
Hang in there, baby. 宝贝 不要放弃
************************************************************************************************** 
 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S04E20
第3 4页/共3 4页