
Good Luck Charlie S04E07
Ga... Gabe? 盖 盖比
I asked you to take your clothes upstairs. 我说过让你把衣服拿到楼上去的
Yeah, I said I would. I just didn't say when. 我说了我会拿 又没说什么时候拿
I don't get you sometimes, you know? 你知道吗 我有时候真的搞不懂你
I wash your clothes. I dry them. 你的衣服我洗好了 甩干了
I fold them. I put them in the basket. 叠好了 装进篮子里
All I ask is that you take them upstairs. 你只需要把他们拿到楼上去
I see what's going on here. 我知道怎么回事了
Somebody needs a pat on the back. 某人需要点儿鼓励
Hey, you're doing great, mom. 嘿 你做得真不错啊 老妈
Clothes upstairs now. 赶紧把衣服拿上楼
Oh. Hold that thought. 等会儿再说
Hello. Oh, hey, Lauren. 你好 哦 是劳伦啊
Yeah, how's it going? Oh, no, I'm not doing
anything.对啊 你怎么样 没事 我很闲的
Don't forget to take your... 别忘记拿上楼
Yeah, so what's up? 嗯 所以呢
Yeah, sure you're cute now. 唉 你现在是很可爱
One day you'll disappoint me too. 迟早有一天你也会气死我的
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late, and dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
There it is up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
I've been there, I've survived 我也曾这样生活 我已经顺利走过
So just take my advice 所以听取我的建议
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future's bright 可是我知道你会有美好将来
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There's no maybe 不要怀疑Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第1页/共1 6页
Everything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Sure life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me it comes back around 但是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hang in there, baby. 宝贝 不要放弃
Good Luck Charlie S04E07 Rat-A-Teddy 查莉成长日记 第四季第七集
Hey! Want to hear some exciting news? 嘿 我这有条激动人心的消息
Emmett and I are apartment sitting for the
guy upstairs.我和埃米特在帮楼上那家伙照看公寓
G r a b : vt.攫取; n.攫取; gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto)
We're taking care of his pet rats. 还要照料他的宠物鼠
And the exciting part is...? 哪里激动人心了
Somebody trusts me and Emmett. 有人信赖我和埃米特耶
With rats. 照顾老鼠
Live rats. 活的老鼠
Wait, so you guys aren't going to be in your
apartment tonight?等等 所以你俩今晚不住在自己公寓了么
That's right. Why? 答对了 怎么了
Well, I was kind of thinking about having a
slumber party.我有点想办个睡衣派对
See, tonight would be my anniversary with
Spencer .你看 今晚是我和斯宾塞的周年纪念日
But rather than sit around and m o p e  , 但是比起呆呆地傻坐着郁闷
I was thinking I should have some fun with
my girls.我想我更应该和朋友们一起玩
And you want me to bring the rats over to
liven up the festivities ?那么你是想要我带着 老鼠一起参加派对吗

Actually I was hoping I could have the
slumber party at your apartment.事实上我只是希望 可以在你的公寓办睡衣派对

Oh, sure. No problem. - Thanks. 好啊 没问题 -谢啦
You know, we could do it here, it's just
there's so many people around.你知道的 我们在这里开派对也可以 只是这里
人多眼杂
Mom? - That's the people I'm talking about. 你是指老妈 -我说的就是她
Unbelievable! 难以置信
Unbelievable! 难以置信
Charlie, look at this. - I can't read, daddy. 查莉 你看这个 -我不识字 爸爸
I'm sorry. Look, this is an ad... 不好意思 看 这是则广告Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第2页/共1 6页
For a new extermination company. 是一家新的除虫公司的
V e r n  Hardy ,  formerly of Bob's Bugs-Be-
Gone...弗恩·哈迪 鲍伯害虫一扫光除虫公司前任专家

Has opened Vern's Vermin-Be-Vanquished. 开张了弗恩害虫消灭净除虫公司
Unbelievable. 难以置信
slumber: n.睡眠; Spencer: n.前桅,纵帆;针织短上衣; mope: vi.忧郁; n.忧郁的人; liven: vt.使高兴,使
快活;vi.快活起来;活跃起来; festivities: n.欢庆,欢宴;庆典;欢乐; extermination: n.消灭;根绝;
H a r d y : adj.坚强的; n.强壮的人; formerly: adv.以前;原来;
Hi, Vern. Hey, what's new? 嗨 弗恩 嘿 怎么样
Yeah. No no no no. I do accept your
resignation .好的 不不不 我接受你的辞职
Hey, this is how you repay me for 12 years
of work, by stabbing me in the back?这就是你回报给我的 我带了你12年 你却在背
后捅我一刀
You... 你
I know killing bugs is an ugly business. 我知道除虫界充满了黑幕和丑闻
I taught you that! 这句还是我教你的
Now what am I gonna do? 现在我该做什么呢
Get someone else. 找个新伙计
You know what? For someone who can't
read, you're pretty smart.你知道吗 对于一个还不识字的人来说 你可真
聪明
Thanks for this, P.J. You know, tonight I just
want to have fun...谢谢 PJ 你知道吗 今晚我只想放松地玩
And not even think about you-know-who and
the fact that it's our you-know-what .完全不要想起 某个人以及我们之间的某些事

No problem. 没问题
Hey, you know, I think the last time you
were here, was when I made that French
dinner for you and Spencer.对了 我记得你上次来这里 还是我给你和斯宾
塞准备法式大餐的时候呢
Also known as you-know-who. 可以称他为某个人么
That was for your anniversary, 那次是为了庆祝你们的周年纪念日
wasn't it? - And there's the you-know-what. 不是么 -这个正是我说的某些事
What were you going to show me? - Okay,
first thing...有什么嘱咐的么 -哦 第一件事
Don't touch the D.V.R. I'm recording a
Yacky the Duck Marathon . Very
important.不许碰录像机 我在 录“小鸭子雅克”的剧集
连播呢 很重要的
A l s o ,  plumbing can be tricky. 还有 下水道有点问题Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第3页/共1 6页
Don't use the kitchen sink and the toilet at the
same time. Bad things will happen.不要同时使用厨房水龙头 和厕所 不然会发生
糟糕的事情哦
Okay. - Really bad things. 好的 -真的会非常糟糕哦
This one time Emmett was... - I don't need to
know.有一次埃米特 -我不想知道
resignation: n.辞职;放弃;辞职书;顺从; r e p a y : vi.偿还;报答;报复;vt.回报;报复;付还; stabbing: a d j . 刺
穿的,尖利的; v.刺 (stab的ing形式); Marathon: n.马拉松赛跑; adj.马拉松式的; plumbing: n . 铅 工
业; v.探究; (plumb的现在分词);
Okay, uh... you're welcome to anything in the
fridge .好吧 嗯 冰箱你随便用
There's not much in there. Just a banana. 反正里面也没什么东西 就一根香蕉
Oh! Actually, don't touch the banana. That's
Emmett's.其实那根香蕉最好别碰 那是埃米特的
Got it. Anything else? 知道了 还有什么吗
Uh, let's see... Yacky, plumbing, banana...
nope. We're good.我想想 雅克 下水道 香蕉 没啦 搞定了
Thank you. 谢谢
Hey, Lauren, come on in. 劳伦 快请进
Hi, Mrs. Duncan. 你好 邓肯太太
Hi. You must be Charlie. 你好呀 你就是小查莉吧
Who are you? 你是谁
I'm Lauren. I'm Mrs. Dabney's
granddaughter .我叫劳伦 是达布尼太太的外孙女
But you seem nice. 但是你看起来像是个好人
We're all baffled . 我们都被人误解了
Whoa. Whoa. Laundry basket almost took
me down.这个洗衣篮差点绊倒我
What is that doing there? I will be right back. 它怎么会出现在这里 我去去就回
So sorry. 太抱歉了
Did you see that? - Unbelievable. 你看到了吗 -难以置信
Thank you, Lauren. 谢谢你 劳伦
You know, with five kids, 你知道的 家有五个孩子
I don't always notice what needs to be put
away.我都搞不清楚该把什么东西收起来了
Oh, you're welcome. 哦 不客气
It's really funny. Yeah, there's probably, stuff
lying all over this house making a mess.太荒唐了 对了 你看下这里 屋子里的东西到处
都是 是不是有点乱Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第4页/共1 6页
Stuff right here in this room. 比如客厅里这一堆
See anything? - Um, I don't know. 你觉得怎么样 -呃 我不确定
The video games are kind of messy , I guess. 我觉得这些游戏光碟有点乱
Huh. - Okay, I'm back. 嗯 -好的 我回来啦
Gabe, Lauren and I were just talking. 盖比 我和劳伦在聊天
What was it you were saying about the video
games?刚刚你说这堆光碟怎么了
That they were messy? 它们有点乱
Messy, yes, that's the word that you used. 乱 对了 你就是这么形容的
Oh. That's my bad. 哦 是我不好
fridge: 冰箱 granddaughter: n.孙女;外孙女; baffled: adj.带有挡板的; v.阻碍; (baffle的过去式);
Laundry: n.洗衣店,洗衣房; messy: 散乱的
That's his bad. 是他不好
You're welcome here any time, Lauren. Any
time at all.随时欢迎你来玩 劳伦 想来就来
Come in. 请进
Hi, I'm Beau Landry. I'm here about the job. 您好 我是博·兰德里 来这里找工作
Bob Duncan. - It's a pleasure to meet you,
S i r .我是鲍伯·邓肯 -很高兴见到您 先生
Have a seat. - Here's my resume. 请坐 -这是我的简历
Well, looks like you just moved here. 嗯 看来你是新搬来的
Yes Sir, from Hollow Rock, Tennessee . 对的先生 从田纳西的中空岩
So why'd you leave? - You ever been to
Hollow Rock, Tennessee?你为什么要搬走呢 -先生您去过田纳西的中空
岩吗
So what brought you to Denver ? - The bus. 那你是怎么来丹佛的呢 -坐汽车来的
Naw, I'm just messing with you. 哦不 我逗你玩儿呢
My Aunt lives in Denver, so I figure while I'm
staying with her...我阿姨住在丹佛 我想我住在她家里的时候

I might as well check it out, look for a job,
make some money, save for college.最好出来看看 找份工作 挣点钱准备交大学学
费
Well, Beau, you seem like a great kid, but
you just...好的 博 你看上去很不错 但是
You don't have any experience in the field. 你缺乏相关领域的专业经验
Well, I can't argue that, but I really want this
job, Sir.这个我承认 但先生 我真的很想要这份工作
Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第5页/共1 6页
Ever since I was little, it's been my dream to
be an exterminator .当我还是个小孩子时 我的梦想就是做一名除虫
专家
Really? - Naw, I'm just messing with you
again.真的 -哦不 我逗你玩儿呢
I actually just want a job. 我其实只是想找份工作 什么都行
Okay, well, that's good enough for me. 好吧 对我来说已经不错了
You're hired. - Really? 你被录取了 -真的
No, just messing with you. 不 我逗你玩儿呢
This is gonna be so much fun. 今晚肯定超级好玩
Too bad Ivy's too sick to be here. 艾薇病了来不了真是太遗憾了
Yeah. She is sick, right? 对啊 她是真的生病了吧
B e au : n.花花公子;喜修饰者;情郎;adj.美的;好的; Tennessee: n.田纳西州(美国州名); Denver: n . 丹 佛
(地名,美国城市); messing: n.杂乱,弄乱(mess的动名词形式); exterminator: n.根除者; (美)职业的
消灭害虫者;
Because sometimes I get the feeling she
doesn't like me.因为我有时候会觉得她不喜欢我
Why would you say that? - She told me she
doesn't like me.你怎么会这么想 -她亲口说她不喜欢我
She told me that too. 她也和我说过
Oh, Ivy doesn't like you either? 哦 艾薇也不喜欢你
No, she told me she doesn't like you. 不是 她告诉我她不喜欢你
Moving past Ivy to the fun part... 跳过艾薇 说点好玩的吧
Okay, have you guys seen Jackson? 好的 你们知道杰克逊吗
The new boy at school? 学校里新来的男生
He is c-u-t-e... Cute! 他简直太 太可爱了
I talked to him at lunch, but I couldn't tell if
he was interested.我午饭时和他说过话 但是我不知道他对我有没
有兴趣
How do you know if a boy likes you? 你要怎么知道一个男生是不是喜欢你呢
I have so many questions about boys, like,
why are they so mean? Why are they so
stupid?关于男生我不懂的太多了 比如说 他们为什么
这么卑鄙 为什么这么愚蠢
Why don't I have one? 为什么没人做我男朋友
Guys, can we please just not talk about boys
tonight?姑娘们 我们今晚能不聊男生么
I'm sorry, it's just kind of a sore subject. 不好意思 这个话题让我心情很不好
You're right, Teddy . I'm sorry. 对的 泰迪 不好意思
Hello, can I come in? - Ooh! That sounds like
a boy!你们好 我能进来吗 -听起来是个男生Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第6页/共1 6页
Come on in. 快请进
It's not a boy. It's just my brother. 不是男生啦 只是我哥
What are you doing here? 你来做什么
Oh, just double-checking you're not using
the D.V.R.就是再次确定一下你没在用录像机
Oh, and Emmett wants his banana. 还有 埃米特想吃香蕉了
Hey, P.J., can I ask you a question? 嘿 PJ 能问你个问题吗
Sorry, Teddy, this is gonna be about boys. 抱歉啦泰迪 又是男生的话题
Go ahead. 说吧
Okay, how does a girl know if a boy likes
her?好的 女生要怎样才能知道一个男生是否喜欢她
呢
Oh, that's easy. It's the way he looks at you
when you first meet.很容易啊 就是 当你们第一次遇见彼此
It seems like time stops and you're the only
two people in the world.似乎时光为此驻足 世界上只余你们两人
Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊
Oh! - I want that. 哦 -我也好想有那种感觉
I had that. 我曾有过
Oh, hey, that reminds me... happy
anniversary, sis.嘿 这倒提醒了我 周年快乐呀小妹
Really? 有没有搞错
What? I didn't say Spencer's name. 怎么了 我这次可没提斯宾塞的名字
O h ,  dang i t ! 哦 该死
If you came over to borrow something, I'm
out of it.你要是过来借什么东西的话 不巧我刚用完

Good afternoon to you too. 你也下午快乐
Actually, I was wondering if Lauren could
come over.事实上 我想请劳伦来我家玩
How come you're asking and not Gabe? 为什么是你来不是盖比呢
What's going on, Amy? 你有什么事 艾米
Does something have to be going on, for me
to pay a visit to my friend and neighbor Mrs.
Dabney?一定要有什么事 我才能来拜访我亲爱的朋友和
邻居达布尼太太吗
Y e s . 没错
Yeah, okay, I'm not buying it either. 哦 好吧 我也不信这一套
Okay, here's the deal... 好吧 事情是这样的
I cannot get Gabe to do his chores . 我使唤不动盖比做家务Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第7页/共1 6页
But whenever Lauren asks him to do
something, he does it, so can I borrow her for
a while?但是只要劳伦让他做什么 他都会去做 所以我
想借劳伦一用
Why would I let you take advantage of my
precious granddaughter?我凭什么让你利用我宝贵的外孙女呢
Because... 因为
Maybe there's something in it for you. 你也可以有利可图啊
Evil is a two-way street. 恶魔从不独行
Evil? I'm listening. 恶魔 这话有点意思
You could use Gabe to get Lauren to do her
chores.你也可以利用盖比来让劳伦做家务
I thought you'd like it. 我觉得你会喜欢的
So, for instance, if Gabe were to tell Lauren
that he was embarrassed about our dirty
windows...那么 比如说 如果盖比对劳伦说 我们家窗户玻
璃脏得让他不舒服
She might do something about it. 她可能会采取些措施
Gabe's always had a thing about clean
windows...盖比特别喜欢干净的窗户
Ever since he was a baby. 从小就这样
You should come over more often. 你该常来拜访的
dang: int.讨厌;见鬼(等于damn); c h o r e s : n.杂务;零工;困难的工作(chore的复数);
embarrassed: adj.尴尬的; v.使...困窘; (embarrass的过去分词形式);
Look at this place. 看看这地方
It's hard to believe an apartment in our
building can look this great.咱们这栋楼里竟然有这么好的公寓 简直让人难
以置信
Right? I mean, he has everything we don't... 咱们没有的这儿都一应俱全
Nice furniture, cool art, rats. 时尚雅致的家具 别具一格的装饰画 还有老鼠

What are the rats' names again? 它们叫什么名字来着
Peanut Butter and Jelly . 花生酱和果冻
W o w . 哇
Look at Jelly run around the cage. Man, he's
f a s t .你看果冻正绕着笼子跑呢 喔 速度好快啊

I bet Peanut Butter's faster. 我敢打赌花生酱跑得更快
Are you saying what I think you're saying? 你是说出了我的心声吗
Rat race! 老鼠赛跑Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第8页/共1 6页
This may be our greatest race ever. 这很可能成为我们有史以来最伟大的比赛

Certainly our weirdest . 反正肯定是最怪异的
Are you ready? - Ready. 准备好了么 -准备好了
On your mark, get set... 各就各位 预备
G o . 跑
What are they doing? - Guys, the path is
clearly marked.它们这是在干嘛 -伙计们 路线都画好了呀

Where they go? Oh no. - No no no no no. 它们去哪了 -别介啊
No no no no. No no no no. - No no. 坏了坏了 -坏了
Oh oh oh oh! - What? What? 完了 -这下咋整
Oh, I got Jelly. - Where's Peanut Butter? 我抓到果冻了 -花生酱哪去了
Well, he's not at the finish line, so winner! 它不在终点线 所以 冠军产生了
Wait! Why are we screaming? 等等 我们为啥尖叫啊
How did a rat get in here anyway? 老鼠怎么会进来的
Well, there it is! 在那
Why are you screaming? Is there a problem
with the D.V.R.?你们叫啥呀 录像带出什么问题了吗
There's a rat in here! 这里有老鼠
Yes! - Woo! 好耶 -喔
Peanut Butter. - Come here, Peanut Butter. 花生酱 -快出来 花生酱
Okay, Peanut Butter. - Come here. 花生酱 -快出来哦
I'm Emmett. - I'm Vonnie. 我叫埃米特 -我叫翁妮
Emmett! - Sorry, sorry. 埃米特 -不好意思
Did you see that? 你们看见了么
He just gave me the look! 他刚才用那种眼神看我的
You don't want the look from Emmett.
Believe me.你不会喜欢埃米特用那种眼神看你的 相信我

Okay, now where was the last place you saw
the rat?好了 你们最后一次看到老鼠是在哪里
Jelly: n.果冻;胶状物;vi.成胶状;vt.使结冻; weirdest: 怪异的; (weird的最高级);
Right there. 就这儿
Well, he's not there now, so we know he
moved.那么它现在不在这了 就是说它已经离开了

That's the kind of thinking that comes with
the look.这就是用那种眼神看你的人的智商Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第9页/共1 6页
We need a plan to catch this rat. - Okay, I
think I got one.我们得想个办法来捉老鼠 -我想到了一个

You go upstairs, grab all the cheese you can
find, crackers too, and you bring 'em down
here.你上楼去把能找到的奶酪都拿着 包括饼干 然
后一起带下来
After we've had our after-breakfast snack,
we'll think of ways to catch that rat.等我们吃完餐后点心 我们再想办法捉老鼠

Got it. 明白
Good morning, Sir. Beau Landry ready for
work.早上好 长官 博·兰德里准备就绪
I'm sorry. I guess I didn't make myself clear. 不好意思 可能是我没说明白
You didn't get the job. 我并没有聘用你
Sir, if I didn't get the job, then why am I
wearing this shirt?长官 如果你没有聘用我 我为什么会穿着这件
衬衫呢
I don't know why. 我也不知道为什么
Mr. Duncan, I'm a hard worker and I'm
reliable.邓肯先生 我是个工作很努力的人 值得您信赖

If you give me a chance, you won't be
disappointed.如果您给我一个机会 我一定不让您失望
Beau, come on. Look, I... 博 你听我说
I really need someone with experience. 我需要的是有经验的人
Well, this is already my second day. 今天已经是我的第二天了呀
Come on, there must've been someone that
gave you your first big break.拜托 您的第一次 也是别人给机会的呀
唔 Well... 
There was old man Witherspoon. 从前有个叫威瑟斯彭的老人
Yeah, there's a story. 这还有个故事
I don't suppose you'd want to hear it. - I'd
love to.我猜你不会想听 -我想啊
Really? 真的么
You want to hear one of my bug stories? 你想听我的捉虫经历
That's never happened before. 这可是史上头一遭
You hang on. 你先等会
Hello. - Dad, there was a rat! 你好 -老爸 这儿有只老鼠
Oh, hi, Teddy. - A rat in PJ's apartment! 哦 泰迪啊 -PJ的屋里有只老鼠
Whoa whoa whoa whoa. What? All right, all
r i g h t .慢点说慢点说 啥 好的 知道了Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第1 0页/共1 6页
I'll be right over. 我马上过来
Well, I guess it's your lucky day. 今天还真是你的幸运日
crackers: adj.精神错乱的;癫狂的;n.咸饼干;
I'm gonna give you a shot. We've got a rat
situation.我就给你个机会 正好出鼠害状况了
I'm hired? - We'll just see how the first job
g o e s .我被聘用了 -我先看看你的表现如何
Oh! Hey, you know what? On the way over, 对了 去那儿的路上
I'll tell you the old man Witherspoon story. 我跟你说那个叫威瑟斯彭老人的故事
Now I kinda have the job, so... 既然我已经开始工作了 就
Oh, no no no no no. You said you'd listen.
There's no take-backs.不不不 你说了你要听的 不能反悔
These are really dirty. 窗户真脏啊
Seems like they haven't been washed forever. 好像从来没擦过似的
Actually, it was November 1st, two years
a g o .事实上 是十一月一号擦的 两年前
That's pretty specific. 记的真清楚
I used to egg her windows every Halloween .以前每年的万圣节 我都用鸡蛋砸她家窗户

Sweet memories. Sweet memories. 美好的回忆 真是美好的回忆啊
So is this clean enough for you? - I guess.
Who cares?你觉得够干净了么 -差不多吧 谁在乎呀
You care. You have a thing about clean
windows.你在乎呀 你对干净的窗户有特别的热情
I don't have a thing about clean anything. 我对任何干净的东西都没有热情
That's not what your mom told my grandma. 你妈妈可不是这么和我外婆说的
My mom and Mrs. Dabney were together? 我妈和达布尼太太走到一起了
And now we're washing windows? 然后现在咱俩就在这擦玻璃了
Yeah, so? - We're being played! 没错 咋了 -咱俩被玩了
Mrs. Dabney I can see, but my own mother? 达布尼太太也就算了 可我自己亲妈也玩我

Actually, I can see that too. 我倒觉得是意料之中啊
Amy, you are a genius. 艾米 你真是个天才
I think next week Lauren's gonna point out
that my garden needs weeding .我猜下周 劳伦就会主动提出要给我的花园除草
了
And I have a feeling Gabe is gonna think my
laundry room needs repainting .我的直觉告诉我 盖比会帮我收拾洗衣间Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第1 1页/共1 6页
He does have an eye for that. 他的确有那个远见
Wow. Your evil laugh is a lot better than
m i n e .哇 你邪恶的笑声比我的厉害多了
I've been doing it a lot longer. 我已经练习很久了
Halloween: 万圣节前夕 weeding: n.[农学]除草; v.[农学]除草 (weed的现在分词); repainting: n . 重
新绘制; v.重画; (repaint的ing形式);
They're laughing now, but we'll see who's
laughing later.让她们现在笑 不过看谁能笑到最后
So what are we gonna do? 我们要怎么做
I don't know yet, but whatever it is, it's gonna
end in evil laughing.我还没想到 不过不管怎样 一定会以邪恶的笑
声结尾
I swear Emmett gave me the look. 我发誓埃米特用那种眼神看我了
Oh! And we're back to that. 又说回去了
Oh, and I gave the look back to him. 我也用那种眼神回看他的
Ha! We're so getting married. 我们一定会结婚的
He didn't give you the look. 他没用那种眼神看你
He looked at you. 他只是看了你一眼
There's a difference. 这两者是有区别的
I guess somebody doesn't want to be a
bridesmaid .我猜某人不想当伴娘了
I don't either. 我也不想
Okay, cavalry is here. 好了 正规军到了
Girls, maybe you should wait in the
bathroom.姑娘们 你们还是去卫生间等着吧
Well, what if the rat's in there? 如果老鼠在那呢
Then they'll scream and we'll know where the
r a t  i s .那她们就会尖叫 我们也就知道老鼠在哪了

What? - Uh, nothing. Nothing. 啥 -没啥
Ready to go. - Who's this? 准备好了么 -他是谁
This is Beau, giving him a little try-out . 这位是博 给他一个尝试的机会
Beau, this is my son, P.J. - Hey. 博 这是我儿子PJ -你好
Oh whoa. No no no traps. Dad, you can't kill
this rat.等等 不能用夹子 老爸 不能把这只老鼠弄死

Well, then what did you call an exterminator
f o r ?那你叫除虫师来干吗的
Oh, I thought you were a pest control
specialist.我以为你是害虫防治专家呢Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第1 2页/共1 6页
I stopped saying that years ago. Who was I
kidding?我几年前就不这么自称了 谁信呢
Why can't we use the traps? - Because he's a
pet.为什么不能用夹子 -因为它是宠物
His name's Peanut Butter. 它的名字叫花生酱
Someone trusted me with him and then I
raced him...有人把它托付给我 然后我就拿他赛跑了
Like I always do. 正如我的一贯作风
Do you happen to have any real peanut
butter?你有没有真的花生酱
bridesmaid: n.女傧相; cavalry: n.骑兵;装甲兵;装甲部队; r a c e d : n.属,种;
Well, yeah, why? 有啊 怎么了
Well, I figure if his name's Peanut Butter,
maybe he likes peanut butter.我在想既然它叫花生酱 没准它真的喜欢花生酱
呢
Dad is this gonna work? 老爸 这真的能管用么
No, of course not. 当然不能
But you know what? This is good, because
we all learn from trial and...不过呢 这也是好事 因为我们都是从失败中学
到教训的
There he is! 它还真来了
There you go. - Oh, thank you. 给你 -谢谢了
Oh, Peanut Butter, you had me so worried. 花生酱 你害我担心死了
Not bad, kid. Not bad. 不赖啊 小伙 真不赖
You know what? Welcome aboard. 知道么 欢迎入伙
All right. 太好了
Hey, girls, you can come out now. 姑娘们 你们可以出来了
Oh, hey, Beau, this is Vonnie and Kelsey... 博 这是维尼和凯尔西
Hi. - And that's my daughter Teddy. 你好 -那是我女儿泰迪
H i . 你好
H e y . 你好
Now that was the look. 这才是那种眼神
Hey, what are you doing here? 你在这干嘛呢
I thought you were getting together with
Lauren.我还以为你和劳伦在一起呢
Oh, we broke up. 哦 我们分手了
What?! Wha... what happened? 啥 发生什么事了Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第1 3页/共1 6页
She's nice and all. It's just she started getting
all bossy .她挺好的 就是有点太专横了
Kept asking me to do chores and stuff. 总是让我干零活办杂事
Gabe, this is all my fault. 盖比 都是我的错
W h a t ? 啥
Okay, look, Mrs. Dabney and I, used you
and Lauren to get each other to do things
around the house.是这样的 我和达布尼太太 利用你和劳伦在一
起的机会 让你们互相指使对方帮我们干活

How could you do that?! 你怎么可以这么做
Well, it was more Mrs. Dabney than me. 相比起来更是达布尼太太的主意
I can't believe you ruined m y  f i r s t
relationship.我简直无法相信是你毁了我的初恋
I feel terrible. I... I just... 我真的很抱歉
Is there anything I can do, anything at all to
make you feel better?我能做点什么 让你好过些么
I... I could eat. 我 我想吃东西
Okay, I'll make you a sandwich. 没问题 我给你做个三明治吧
呃 E h . 
You know what might help? 您知道啥更有用不
Lasagna ... 千层面
bossy: adj.专横的; n.母牛; ruined: adj.毁灭的;荒废的;v.毁灭(ruin的变形); Lasagna: n.烤宽面条(等
于lasagne);卤汁面条;
From... from the nice Italian place. 要那家美味意大利菜馆的
That's all the way across town. 那得穿过整个镇子呢
My first relationship, mom. - I'm leaving now. 我的初恋啊 老妈 -我这就去
Hey. - Hey, how's it working over there? 嘿 -嘿 你那边咋样了
Hang on. 稍等
Here you go, honey. Grandma's so sorry for
what she did.给你 亲爱的 外婆太内疚了
Working like a charm. 效果如神
Hey Charlie, so... 嘿 查莉
Today's life lesson is about sleepovers . 今天要教给你的是与朋友在外过夜的经验

As in don't have them at PJ's apartment. 就是千万不要住PJ的屋子
Wait, what am I saying? 等会 我说啥傻话呢
When you're my age, PJ's gonna be, like, 30. 等你到我这个年龄 PJ都三十多了
He can't still be living with Emmett, can he? 他怎么可能还和埃米特住在一起呢Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第1 4页/共1 6页
My advice stands. 那我的建议依然有用
In other news, dad hired a new guy... 还有其他的新闻 老爸雇了一个新人
Beau. And... 叫博
I met him and... 我见过他了 然后
That's all I wanna say about that. 我想说的就这些
Hey, honey, have you seen Gabe? 亲爱的 你看见盖比没
I made him one of those fruit smoothies he
loves so much.我做了他最喜欢的水果冰沙
Oh, I think he went somewhere with Lauren. 哦 他和劳伦一起出去了
With Lauren? 和劳伦
They're still together? 他们还在一起
I mean, they were holding hands. 反正他们是手拉手走的
You know what goes well with a smoothie? 你知道什么和冰沙搭在一起最合适么
Revenge. 复仇
Well, Gabe's gonna need some good luck,
Charlie.看来盖比急需一点好运了 查莉
Hey! So what's the big emergency? 嘿 出了什么紧急状况
I was taking care of my neighbors bird and as
usual I lost him.我帮邻居照看小鸟 结果照例给弄丢了
Well, so, what do you need me for? 那你要我来做什么
Remember how we used peanut butter to
catch Peanut Butter?你还记得我们怎么用花生酱把花生酱捉到的么

I think the same thing might work with the
bird.我在想这招可能对小鸟也管用呢
Italian: 意大利的 sleepovers: 在朋友家过夜,夜不归宿; smoothies: n.冰沙(一种饮品);
What's the birds name? - Bob. 小鸟叫什么名 -鲍勃
T h a t ' s  ridiculous ! 这也太扯了
I think his given name is Robert. 我想全名应该是罗伯特吧
Makes sense to me. - That's not what I
meant.这就比较合理了 -我没说那个
Will you please just go stand by the window? 拜托你站在窗户旁边呗
F i n e . 那好吧
But I'm telling you, this isn't going to work. 不过我告诉你 这是没用的
喔喔喔  Whoa, whoa, whoa! 
Thanks dad. 谢了 老爸
It's the wrong bird, but thanks. 不是这只鸟 不过还是谢了Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第1 5页/共1 6页
Oh, there you are. Hi Bob. 哦 你在这儿呢 你好啊 鲍勃
ridiculous: adj.可笑的;荒谬的;
************************************************************************************************** 
 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S04E07
第1 6页/共1 6页