
Good Luck Charlie S04E17
Oh, no, no, no. Charlie, honey, look. 噢不 查莉 宝贝 看着
If you do it one strand at a time, it's prettier
.如果你每次只放上一条 就会更漂亮
See? 看见了吗
Whatever. 管他的
Forget it, Mom. 算了吧 老妈
Charlie with tinsel is like Dad with spaghetti
.叫查莉用彩带装饰就和老爸吃意面一样
'"Pretty" just ain't gonna happen. 漂亮 是绝不可能发生的
Yeah, well, you... 是吗 那你
This isn't over. 这事儿没完
Bob, honey, listen 老鲍 亲爱的 听着
I've got a million things to do this week, so I
need you to take Charlie to see Santa.我这个星期有许多事情要做 所以我要你帮我去
带查莉看圣诞老人
Sure. - What did I just say? 没问题 -我刚才说了啥啊
I have no idea. 我不知道
Honey, I'm trying to think of a good
comeback for Gabe.亲爱的 我正忙着考虑该怎么回敬盖比呢
A g a i n , 我再说一遍
I need you to take Charlie to see Santa. 我要你帮我去带查莉看圣诞老人
And you have got to find out what present
she wants most.而且你一定要弄清楚她到底最想要什么礼物

Okay. Got it. 好的 明白了
Charlie, Santa, present. 查莉 圣诞老人 礼物
Three words? That's all you heard? 就三个词 你就只听到这三个词
Honey, that's two more than I usually hear. 亲爱的 这比俺平时听的还多了两个呢
Guys, guess what? I just got into NYU! 你们猜猜怎么着 我被纽约大学录取了
Hey! - Oh, honey. That's great. 好啊 -噢 亲爱的 太棒了
Hey, congratulations! - How cool. 恭喜你啊 -真酷啊
What are you guys talking about? 你们在说什么啊
Charlie, honey, I know this might be sad... 查莉宝贝儿 我知道这件事可能会让你感到难过
Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1页/共3 2页
B u t  Teddy 's gonna be going away to college
soon.但是泰迪快要上大学了
Can I have your room? 你的房间可以归我吗
No, honey, 不行 亲爱的
Mommy's turning it into a recording studio. 妈咪要把它改建成录音室呢
strand: n.线; prettier: adj.较美丽; tinsel: n.金属箔; adj.华而不实的; spaghetti: n.意大利式细面条;
gonna: 即将,将要(同goingto) comeback: n.恢复;复原; Teddy: 泰迪玩具熊
Because she's so sad. 因为她是多么的伤心啊
So, uh, NYU wants an answer right away. 呃 纽约大学希望我能马上回复他们
And how can I make a decision until I've
actually seen the place?而如果我连去都没有去过的话 又怎能作决定呢

Teddy honey, it's Christmas time we can't just
drop everything and take you to New York.泰迪 亲爱的 现在可是圣诞节啊 我们总不能放
下所有事情来带你去纽约啊
Yeah, we're not going to let you fly across
country by yourself.对啊 我们可不能让你自己一个人飞越大半个美
国啊
Too bad there isn't another adult who can go
with her.没有一个有空的成年人可以和她一起去 真可惜
啊
You're an adult. - I am? 你是个成年人啊 -我是吗
Oh, yeah, I guess I am. 噢 对了 我好像是啊
So I can go if PJ goes with me? 这样说 如果PJ与我一起去的话就行了
Yeah. I guess that would be okay. 嗯 我想这应该可以
But your job is to keep an eye on her. 不过你要帮我们看着她
Oh, and the thing is, the last campus tour 对了 问题是 最后一场校园导览
I can book is on Christmas Eve. 是在平安夜
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! 等一下 慢着
You guys are gonna be gone on Christmas
E v e ?你们俩在平安夜那天会不在家
It's okay, we'll be back for Christmas. 没事的 我们会回来过圣诞节的嘛
PJ, you'll make us Christmas Eve dinner
before you go, right?PJ 你在走之前帮我们做好平安夜晚餐的 对吧

You'll do that for us, right? 你会帮我们做的 对吧
Gabe, honey, don't be ridiculous . 盖比 亲爱的 别傻了
Why should he make it, freeze it, thaw it, re-
heat it, when I can just make Christmas Eve
dinner?既然我有空做平安夜晚餐 那就不用他预先做好
晚餐 然后拿去冷冻 再解冻 最后重新加热这样
麻烦了
You'll do that for us, right? 你会帮我们煮的 对吧
Hey, hey, hey, hey, Jessie 嗨 嗨 嗨 嗨 杰茜Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2页/共3 2页
Today's all burnt toast 生活搞得一团糟
Running late and Dad jokes 就要迟到 爸爸在叫
Has anybody seen my left shoe? 我左脚的鞋子有没有人看到
嗨 嗨 嗨 嗨 Hey, hey, hey, hey 
I close my eyes, take a bite 我闭上眼 咬口早餐
Grab a ride, laugh out loud 跳上车子 放声大笑
ridiculous: adj.可笑的;荒谬的; t h a w : vi.融解; n.解冻; G r a b : vt.攫取; n.攫取;
There it is, up on the roof 哎呀 老爸 鞋子就在房顶上
Hey, hey, hey, hey, Jessie 嗨 嗨 嗨 嗨 杰茜
My whole world is changing Turning around 我的生活从此大不一样
They got me going crazy Yeah, they're
shaking the ground每天都闹得天翻地覆令人抓狂
But they took a chance on the new girl in
t o w n但他们相信我这个新来的姑娘
And I don't want to let them down, down,
down我不会让孩子们再次失望
Let them down, down, down 让孩子们再次失望
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
Things are crazy 世界有很多疯狂无奈
But I know your future's bright 可是我知道你会有美好将来
Hang in there, baby 宝贝 不要放弃
There's no maybe 不要怀疑
Everything turns out all right 一切终会如你所愿
Sure, life is up and down 生活有悲有喜
But trust me it comes back around 但是请相信我 坚持就有好结果
You're gonna love who you turn out to be 你会喜欢将来的你
Hey, hey, hey, hey, Jessie 嗨 嗨 嗨 嗨 杰茜
Good Luck Jessie: NYC Christmas 好运杰茜 纽约圣诞特辑
PJ, where are we going? PJ 你要带我去哪里
I have to be at NYU in less than an hour. 我要在一小时内赶去纽约大学啊
To one of the most famous landmarks in the
c i t y .带你去城里最著名的地标之一
And here we are. 我们到了
A hot dog cart? 一辆热狗车
Not just any hot dog cart. 这可不是一般的热狗车Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第3页/共3 2页
George's Kraut D o g s . 是 乔治泡菜热狗
According to online reviews , this is the best
in all the city.根据网上的评论说 这里的泡菜热狗是全纽约最
好的
There was some speculation about a cart
down in Chinatown , but that was squashed
.曾有传闻说在唐人街里有一辆热狗车跟这水平
相当 但后来被击垮了
The speculation? 是那条传闻么
No, the cart. It got hit by a bus. 不是 是那辆热狗车 它被公车压扁了
Oh, my gosh, you must be George. 我的天呐 你一定就是乔治了
shaking: 震动,握手(shake的现在进行时) landmarks: n.地标,[航]陆标;标志(landmark复数形式);
Kraut: n.酸泡菜;德国人; reviews: n.综述; v.回顾; speculation: n.投机;推测;思索;投机买卖;
Chinatown: n.唐人街,中国城; squashed: adj.压扁的; v.压扁 (squash的过去式);
Oh, my gosh, you must be able to read. 我的天呐 那你一定识字了
Two kraut dogs, please. 要两个泡菜热狗
Oh, I don't want kraut on mine. 噢 我的那个不要泡菜
Get out! 那滚
W h a t ? 你说啥
No kraut, no sale. 不要泡菜 我就不卖
You want hot dog, you go somewhere else. 你要是想要个普通热狗的话 那就去其他地方买

Okay, that was fun. 好吧 挺好玩的
I'm gotta go. 我要走了
So, let's meet upin, like, three hours. 就约定三小时后再见面吧
Where you gonna be? 我要去哪里找你
Right here. I'm not going anywhere. 就这里 我才不会离开这里呢
PJ, you have one day in New York City and
you're gonna spend it at a hot dog cart?PJ 你有一天的时间畅游纽约 你却要在一辆热
狗车边度过这一天
Why would I leave? 为啥我要离开这里啊
Because... 因为啊
Okay, see ya. 好吧 回头见
One kraut dog, please, extra kraut. 要一个多加泡菜的泡菜热狗
No! You get as much kraut as I put on. 不行 我放多少泡菜由我说的算
No more, no less. 不许多 也不许少
Oh, my. Mmm. 噢 我的天呐 真好吃
The snap of the casing , the tang of the
kraut.热狗外边脆口 还有泡菜的味道Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第4页/共3 2页
Oh, you are a genius. 噢 你真是个天才
And you are not wrong. - Mmm. 而你一点也没说错 -嗯
Ho, ho, ho! And what is your name? 哈哈哈 你的名字是
Charlie. 查莉
And have you been a good girl? 你是个乖女孩吗
呃 E h . 
Your honesty is refreshing. 你的诚实让我耳目一新呢
What would you like for Christmas? 你想要什么圣诞礼物
Oh, that's good. Okay. Merry Christmas,
Charlie!噢 这很好啊 好的 查莉 祝你圣诞快乐
Um, okay, so, what did you ask Santa for? 呃 那么 你跟圣诞老人要了什么礼物
He knows. He's Santa. 他是圣诞老人 他知道的
Um, actually, he's just one of Santa's helpers
.呃 其实呢 他只是圣诞老人的助手之一
The real Santa is up at the North Pole. 真正的圣诞老人是住在北极的
So, you can tell me what you asked for. 所以呢 你可以跟我说一下你要了什么
It's a secret. 这是个秘密
Okay, um, hang on a second. 好吧 呃 等我一下
Stand right here. Okay? 就站在这里 好吗
Uh, excuse me, Santa? 呃 抱歉 圣诞老人
Oh, oh, listen, buddy , there's a weight limit
on this ride.噢 听着 伙计 这个雪橇上可是有体重限制的

c a s i n g : n.套; v.把…装入箱内 (case的ing形式); t a n g : n.特性; helpers: n.辅助物体;助理工人(helper
的复数); buddy: n.伙伴,好朋友;
I'm sorry. I wanted to talk to the Santa that
was just here.我很抱歉 我想和刚才的那个圣诞老人说话

He'll be back this afternoon. 他今个下午会回来
We like to put on fresh pants every couple
hours.我们喜欢每隔几小时换条新裤子
It's my first time on the subway. 这是我第一次搭地铁
And me without a balloon. 这也是我第一次没拿气球
There's some of that New York humor I've
heard so much about.这就是百闻不如一见的纽约幽默 对吧
Uh-huh. 嗯
It's my first time in the city. 这是我第一次来纽约
Or as you natives call it, The Big Apple. 或按你们本地人的说法就是 大苹果城 (纽约市
的别名)Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第5页/共3 2页
So, you don't have a book or a magazine or... 你没有书啊 杂志之类的东西看看吗
Actually, could you tell me what stop I need
to get off at?其实 你能告诉我要在哪个车站下车吗
I'm trying to get to NYU. 我想去的是纽约大学
Oh. Here's what you wanna do. 噢 听好了
Take this all the way to the end of the line,
get off, get on another train going the
opposite direction.搭这辆列车一直到终点站 然后下车 再搭上 相
反方向的列车
More of that trademark New York humor? 又是那些著名的纽约幽默吗
Nope. You're going the wrong way. 不 你搭错方向了
You know, George, now that I've been
hanging out here for a while乔冶 现在我在这里都待上好一段时间了
I have a question. 我有件事想问问你
They are 67% beef. 热狗肠67%是牛肉
That wasn't the question. 我不是想问这件事啊
Oh, good. I was fudging the numbers. 那就好 我刚才是乱说的
You're out here for hours. 你每天都要在这里待上好几个小时
What do you do when you have to go to the
bathroom?那当你要上洗手间的时候该怎么办
Well, I try not to think about it. 我的解决方法就是尽量不去想这件事
'Cause if I think about it then I have to go. 因为如果我想起它的话 那么我就要上洗手间

And now I'm thinking about it! 而现在你害我想起它了
Watch the cart! I'll be back. 帮我看好车子 我很快就回来
Wow. It's all mine. 哇 现在这里全都是我掌管的了
Oh, and that's hot! 噢 好热
Uh, one kraut dog, no kraut. 呃 我要一个不要泡菜的泡菜热狗
natives: 土著; trademark: n.商标;标志; fudging: 胡说八道;
Skyler? 斯凯勒
PJ PJ? 
嗨 H i . 
What are you doing here? 你在这里干什么
Teddy's taking a tour of NYU. We're just
here for the day.泰迪要去纽约大学参加校园导览 我们只会在这
里待一天
And you got a job? 你还找到工作了
It's just temporary. 只是暂时的
So, how are you? - Um, great. 那么 一切还好吗 -呃 很好Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第6页/共3 2页
I'm graduating high school, getting ready to
go off to college.我刚从高中毕业 快要上大学了
Wow, good for you. 哇 你真厉害
Well, uh, here's your kraut dog, no kraut. 对了 这里是你不要泡菜的泡菜热狗
Uh, what do I owe you? - It's on me. 呃 我要付多少钱给你 -我来请客吧
It's the least I can do for my ex-girlfriend .这是我为我的前女友能做的最起码的事
Thanks. 谢谢你
Well, it was good seeing you. 呃 很高兴见到你
Yeah, you, too. 嗯 我也一样
Of all the hot dog stands in all the towns, in
all the world...在世界上的大街小巷上有这么多人站在热狗车
旁
She had to walk up to the one I'm
temporarily working at.她就是要来到我在暂时工作的这个的面前

Hey, honey. How'd it go at the Mall? - Fine. 嗨 亲爱的 在商场里过得怎样 -一切正常
Okay, what went wrong? 好吧 出什么岔子了
Okay. Okay. 好的 你先冷静点
I didn't find out what Charlie wanted for
Christmas.我不知道查莉想要什么圣诞礼物
What? - Well, she whispered it to Santa. 什么 -她小声说给了圣诞老人听
And then she wouldn't tell me. 但之后她又不肯告诉我
Well, did you ever think about asking Santa? 那你有没有想过问圣诞老人啊
I tried to, but by then, 我试过啊 但那时候
Wise Guy Santa had replaced Fresh Pants
Santa.新裤子圣诞老人已经换成智者圣诞老人了

Honey, it's crazy down there. 亲爱的 那里疯狂极了
Okay, as usual, I have to handle it myself. 好吧 跟平时一样 我又要亲自处理了
I'm just gonna go down there and talk to him. 我去那里跟他谈谈就成了
They won't let you talk to him unless you got
a kid.如果你没有带个孩子去的话 他们是不会让你跟
他说话的
Gabe! 盖比
What? - Let's go. You're talking to Santa. 什么事 -我要带你去跟圣诞老人说话
All right. Let me just shave, I'll be right with
you.好吧 先等我刮胡子 我马上就跟来
temporarily: adv.临时地,临时; whispered: adj.低声的; v.窃窃私语
Excuse me? 不好意思
Did you, uh, did you catch any of that? 你刚才听清楚广播说什么了吗
Oh, yeah, he said... [Mumbling] 噢 他是说 @$%$#&#%@ $%@%Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第7页/共3 2页
I was wondering what that meant. 我就是想问那是什么意思呢
There is a temporary minor delay, but we're
gonna be moving shortly.本班列车将稍为延迟 不过我们将在短时间内开
车
Whew ! Well, that's good news. 咻 那这是个好消息
No, it's bad news. 不 这是个坏消息
Why? 为什么啊
You're not from New York, are you? 你不是住在纽约的 对吧
No. How did you know? 对啊 你怎么知道的
'Cause you don't speak subway. 因为你听不明白地铁语
'"Temporary minor delay" means "we're not
going anywhere for a long, long time".稍为延迟 其实是说 我们要待在这里很长一段
时间了
'"Should be moving shortly" means "I'm not
kidding. A long, long time".而 将在短时间内开车 则是说 我不是在开玩笑
是一段很长的时间
But if it's not true, then why would they say
that?为什么他们要说假话啊
Oh, because he wants everyone to remain
calm.噢 因为他想大家冷静下来啊
Well, it's not working! 这可不管用啊
This is not good. I need to get to NYU. 现在这可不妙 我要赶去纽约大学
This train needs to start moving... 这辆列车要马上开车
Now! 现在啊
If you click your heels three times, 如果你把你的高跟鞋跟互撞三下的话
I'm sure we'll be on our way. 我肯定那家伙就会马上开车
Hey, I have to get somewhere, too. 喂 我现在也要赶去一个地方
I have a very important audition . 我要去参加一个很重要的试镜
Yeah, the difference is, she might actually get
into NYU.对啊 但唯一的区别就是她有可能被纽约大学录
取
I'm hoping you two know each other. 我想你们俩是认识的吧
Oh. I'm Jessie, this is Zuri. I'm her nanny . 我是杰茜 而她是祖瑞 我是她的保姆
I'm Teddy. Hi. 嗨 我是泰迪
Jessie, I'm hungry. 杰茜 我肚子饿了
We'll get you something to eat after my
audition.在我的试镜完了之后再去吃东西吧
So I have to wait for you to blow the audition,
then I have to console you, then I get
something to eat?那就是说我要等你试镜失败 然后我要安慰你
最后我才能去吃东西Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第8页/共3 2页
W h e w : int.哟！;唷！(表示惊讶,失望,厌恶等); heels: n.高跟鞋 v.紧跟; (heel的三单形式);
audition: n.听力,听觉; nanny: n.保姆;母山羊; console: n.[计]控制台;[电]操纵台;vt.安慰;慰藉;
Yes. Same routine as always. 对啊 与平时一模一样
But I'm hungry now. 可是我是现在肚子饿啊
And something smells good. 而且我闻到有好吃的东西
What's that? 那是什么
Lasagna . 是千层面
And it's for a Christmas party I'm going to. 这是我为圣诞派对准备的
We could have a party right now! 我们可以现在开派对啊
S i t . 坐下
Um, listen, while we're stuck here, would you
mind running lines with me?呃 听着 在我们困在这里的这段期间 你介意帮
我练习一下台词吗
Why not? 没问题
Okay, so we're at a very fancy country club,
and you're having tea with your friends.好的 我们现在身处一个高档的乡村俱乐部 而
你在和你的朋友们喝下午茶
Cue me in. - Okay. 开始吧 -好的
'"I've spent all my summers in Southampton
.我在南安普敦度过了我的暑假
The smell of the beach always brings me
back to a simpler time.沙滩的气息总让我回到简单朴素的生活
Oh, here's the girl now." 噢 那女孩来了
'"More tea?" 要茶么
That's it? - Yeah. It's not a very big part. 就这一句 -对 这部分不算很重要
They never are. 从来没演过重要部分
Ho, ho, ho! Who's next? 哈哈哈 下一个到谁
Okay, let's do this one standing up. 好吧 这个我就站起来吧
I think that might be best. 我觉得这样最好
Tell me your name, little... Man. 告诉我你的名字吧 小 伙子
Gabe. I want cash. 我叫盖比 我想要现金
N e x t ! 下一个
Hi, Santa. Uh, my little girl was here a few
hours ago.嗨 圣诞老人 我的小女儿在几个小时前来过这
里
Here's a picture of her. 这是她的照片
Uh, actually, that's a picture of you. 呃 那是你的照片啊
Oh, sorry about that. Let me just get one of
her.噢 抱歉 让我换一张她的照片吧
That's me. Me, me... 是我的照片 我的 还是我的Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第9页/共3 2页
Oh, here she is. With me. 噢 找到了 是一张和我合影的照片
Do you remember what present she wanted? 你还记得她想要什么礼物吗
Yeah. It was a doll. 记得 她想要个洋娃娃
Are you sure? - Or a pony . 你肯定吗 -或者是一匹小马
Okay, now I feel like you're just trying to get
rid of me.好吧 我觉得你是在敷衍我
It's always a doll or a pony. 小女孩想要的总是洋娃娃或小马
Once in a while you get a kitten or a bike. 偶尔也有人要小猫或者单车什么的
Lasagna: n.烤宽面条(等于lasagne);卤汁面条; Southampton: n.南安普敦(英国港市); p o n y : n . 矮 种
马; adj.小型的; kitten: 小 猫
Dolls and ponies those are your mainstays .但要记着 洋娃娃和小马绝对是主流
I don't care about that! I want to know what
she wanted!我可不在乎这个 我只想知道她想要什么礼物

It's Christmas Eve! I'm running out of time,
and I've got to know!今天已经是平安夜 我已经没时间了 我要知道
啊
Ma'am, you're a little out of control. 女士 你好像有点失控了
The holidays can do that to people. 节日的压力会令人变成这样的
No. It's not just the holidays. 不 不光是过节的原因
Okay. So, I want Christmas to be perfect. Is
that so wrong?我只想过一个完美的圣诞节 这难道有错吗

Joe, we got another holiday stress case. 乔 我们又来了个患上节日症候群的顾客了

Is there a problem? - Yes, there's a problem. 有什么问题吗 -没错 有一个大问题
It's Christmas Eve and everything is falling
apart!今天是平安夜 但一切都要崩裂四散了
I hear what you're saying. 我明白你的意思了
Now, let's go to Candy Cane Village, have
some nog and talk about our feelings.现在 让我带你去拐杖糖村 喝些蛋奶酒 然后谈
谈彼此的感受
Okay. 好的
Okay. Yeah, yeah, I think that might be best. 你说得没错 我想这样最好了
Hey, George. What? 嗨 乔治 怎么了
You sold a dog with no kraut. 你卖了个不放泡菜的泡菜热狗
I can see it in your face. 我从你的脸上就可以看出来
I didn't mean to. It was for my ex-girlfriend. 我不是故意的 是卖给我前女友的
No exceptions! Everybody gets kraut! 没有例外 每个人的热狗都要有泡菜
Except for Mr. Billy Joel ! 除了比利·乔尔先生Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 0页/共3 2页
Piano Man gets it any way he wants. 钢琴天才想要怎样的热狗都行
I'm sorry, when I saw her, 我很抱歉 但当我一看见到她
I realized I hadn't really gotten over her. 我就意识到自己还是放不下她
And did you tell her this? - No. I choked . 那你有告诉她吗 -没有 我迟疑没说出口
I just let her walk out of my life again. 就这样让她再次离开了我的身边
Dolls: 玩偶(doll的复数) p o n i e s : n.小马 v.借助直译本翻译; (pony的第三人称单数形式);
mainstays: n.支柱;中流砥柱;主要的依靠;主桅支索; C a n e : n.手杖; J o e l : n.约珥(圣经人物);(圣经中的)
约耳书; c h o k e d : adj.堵塞的; v.使窒息 (choke的过去式);
Well, PJ, I think you should find her and tell
her how you feel.PJ 我觉得你应该去找她说出你的感受
She sounds like a very special girl. 她听起来像是个对你很特别的姑娘
How am I going to do that? 我怎么可能找到她啊
We're in the middle of the biggest city in the
world.我们现在可是身处在世界上最大的城市
There's got to be, like, 10 million people in
the...街上有一千多万人这么多 我怎能
Oh, there she is. 噢 她在那儿
Hi, PJ. - Look, I'm really glad you came
back, 'cause I got to tell you something.嗨 PJ -听着 我很高兴你回来了 我有话要对你
讲
The minute I saw you, I knew I was still
crazy about you.我见到你的那一刻 我就意识到我还是疯狂地爱
着你
That's why I came back, too. 这也是我回来的原因
I just finished talking to the kebab g u y
around the corner...我刚和那边角落卖烤羊肉串的人讲完话
Oh, Ezra? He's my cousin, and very wise in
the ways of love.噢 你是说埃兹拉吗 他是我的堂弟 他是个爱情
专家
He helped me realize that I'm still crazy about
you, too.他让我意识到我也还是疯狂地爱着你
Really? - Really. 你说真的 -真的
Now that I have you back in my life, I'm
never gonna let you go.现在我让你回到了我的身边 我不会再让你离开
我
Actually, I have to go. 说真的 我现在要走了
My family and I are driving to Maine f o r
Christmas.我和我的家人要开车到缅因州过圣诞节
So this is it? 那么就这么完了
I'm afraid so. 恐怕是的
I mean, you'll be in Denver , and I'll be off to
college.我是说 你会回到丹佛 而我就要去念大学
Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 1页/共3 2页
Where are you going? - Denver University. 你要到哪里念大学 -丹佛大学
Will you write me? 你会给我写信吗
Oh, every day. 每天都会写的
I think I can help. 我来帮你们理理思路
You're going to school in Denver? 你要去丹佛念书
Yeah. 是啊
And you live in Denver. 而你就住在丹佛
O h ! 哦
Yes, I'll hold. 好吧 我等着
'"More tea?" 要茶么
'"More tea?" 要茶么
I will trade you one piece of lasagna for a
ride on a private jet.你要是给我一点千层面 我就让你坐一次私人飞
机
kebab: n.(印)烤肉串;烤腌羊肉串(等于kabob); M a i n e : n.缅因州(美国州名); Denver: n.丹佛(地名,美
国城市);
That's right, I can make that happen. 你没听错 我能办到
'"More tea". See? Now it sounds like I'm
saying "Morty".要茶么 听着就跟 油菜 似的
Yes. Hi. Um, I was supposed to take the tour
today at 2:00.嗯 您好 我今天本该在两点钟去你们学校参观
的
But, um, I'm... I'm stuck in the subway. 但是 我被困在地铁上了
So... Hold on. 等一下啊
Excuse me, I'm sorry, but I'm trying to make
an important phone call here.抱歉 人家在这打一个很重要的电话呢
Yeah, and I'm practicing my audition. So
keep it down.是啊 我还忙着准备试镜呢 所以小点声
Seriously, could you knock it off? 说真的 别闹了行吗
'"More"... yeah, see! Now you made me
forget my line!要 看见没 你弄得我把台词都忘了
Oh, come on! Give me a break! I'm not gonna
ask you again!拜托 行行好吧 这事我不说二遍
If you hit that... - Everyone, stop it! 你要是非得敲那个鼓的话 -所有人都给我停下

Okay, I know we're all stressed out, but are
you forgetting it's Christmas Eve?我知道咱们压力都挺大的 可今晚是平安夜啊

Christmas is not about auditions and college
tours.圣诞节的意义不在于试镜或是参观大学Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 2页/共3 2页
It's about peace on Earth, good will towards
m e n .在于世界的祥和还有人的善举
I guess what I'm trying to say is... 我觉得我想说的就是
Hand over that lasagna! 把千层面给我交出来
Zuri's right. 祖瑞说得对
I'm not handing over anything! 我是什么都不会给她的
What are we getting so upset about? It's
Christmas.我们干嘛要这样啊 现在是圣诞节啊
If I don't make it to NYU, maybe it wasn't
meant to be.如果我没去成纽约大学 那也许就是命中注定

Yeah. And maybe me getting that part wasn't
meant to be.是啊 也许我也命中注定拿不到那个角色
You say that every time. 你每次都这么说
They don't need to know that! 这个不用让他们知道
As long as we're stuck here, might as well
make the best of it.反正我们也被困在这了 就随遇而安吧
Yeah, maybe what this car needs is a little
Christmas spirit.是啊 也许这节车厢需要的是点圣诞精神
Mr. Steel Drum Man, if you would. 钢鼓哥 请吧
auditions: n.试演; v.试演; (audition的第三人称单数);
We wish you a Merry Christmas. 祝你圣诞快乐
We wish you a Merry Christmas. 祝你圣诞快乐
We wish you a Merry Christmas... 祝你圣诞快乐
And a happy new year! 还有新年快乐
We wish you a Merry Christmas. 祝你圣诞快乐
We wish you a Merry Christmas. 祝你圣诞快乐
We wish you a Merry Christmas... 祝你圣诞快乐
And a happy new year! 还有新年快乐
Charlie! Charlie, you won't believe it. 查莉 查莉 说出来你肯定不信
A special visitor just came down the chimney
.刚才从烟囱里来了一位特别的客人
Hello-ho-ho... 你好啊
Charlie. 查莉
Santa, what are you doing here? 圣诞老人 你来这做什么
Well, I get so many requests from kids... 是这样的 好多小孩都问我要礼物
That sometimes I forget what they asked for. 有的时候我都忘了他们要的都是什么了
I'm not 500 years old anymore. 我已经不再是500岁时那么年轻了Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 3页/共3 2页
Ho... ho! Ho! 哈哈 哈
Oh, Santa, stick to the script. 哦 圣诞老人 照着剧本演
Why don't you come over here and sit on
Santa's lap.过来坐在圣诞老人的膝盖上吧
N o . 不要
Ho, ho! Why not? 为什么呢
Because you're Daddy. 因为你是老爸
No! No, ho, ho, ho. 不是啊 哈哈 不是
I'm Santa. 我是圣诞老人
Then why are you wearing Daddy's shoes? 那你干嘛穿着我爸的鞋呢
Okay, Sweetie. You can go now. 好吧 小甜心 你可以走了
Great! 这下好了
Now what? 现在怎么办啊
Honey, relax. 亲爱的 放轻松
Have some nog 喝点儿蛋奶酒吧
It's Christmas Eve. 今天就是平安夜了
She gets to open a present tonight,and we
don't know what she wants!她今晚就要拆礼物了 咱俩还不知道她想要啥呢

Honey, take it easy. It's not worth getting all
upset about.亲爱的 放轻松 这点小事不值得咱们烦心

Who are you? 你脑子没病吧
Joe, the Elf, he taught me a lot today. 那个叫乔的小精灵今天教了我许多
Did you know that you can't spell "self"
without "Elf"?你知道吗 没有 精灵 是拼不成 自己 的
What does that mean? 啥意思啊
I don't know, but it really calmed me down. 我也不知道 不过我听完这句话确实淡定多了

Hey, PJ. - Hey, how was NYU? 嗨 PJ -嗨 在纽约大学玩得怎么样啊
Never made it. Long story, I'll tell you later. 没去上 说来话长 待会再跟你说吧
c h i m n e y : n.烟囱; c a l m e d : adj.静的,平静的; n.风平浪静;
So, how was your day? 呃 那你呢
Well, I ate a bunch of hot dogs and I got back
together with Skyler.我吃了一大堆热狗 跟斯凯勒又在一起了
How did that happen? 怎么回事啊
Well, after the first four, I had to take a nap,
then...我先吃了四个以后 眯了一觉 然后
Skyler. 我说的是斯凯勒Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 4页/共3 2页
Oh, right. I'll, tell you on the plane. 对哈 一会上飞机再跟你说吧
If you're going to Denver, you're not going to
Denver.你们要是想去丹佛的话 恐怕是去不成了
There's a big blizzard over The Rockies . 洛基山那边有一场大暴风雪
The airport is closed. 机场都关闭了
Teddy, what are we gonna do? 泰迪 怎么办啊
Wait a minute. Uh, I met this girl on the
subway and she gave me her number.等一下 我在地铁上碰到一个姑娘 她把电话号
给我了
Hello. Hi, um, I'm Teddy, who is this? 你好 呃 我是泰迪 您是
The Butler? 管家
We are so staying there. 咱俩绝对得去一趟
Can I open my special present now? 我现在可以开我的特别大礼了吗
Yeah, yeah... do, uh, do we have a special
present for Charlie?呃 那个 咱给查莉准备特别大礼了吗
The big one! 那个大号的
Oh. Okay. Okay. Open it. 哦 好吧 打开吧
A doll house! I told you Santa knew! 玩具屋 我就说圣诞老人知道的吧
Honey, how did you know what to get her? 亲爱的 你是怎么知道她想要啥的
I was going to ask you the same question. 我还想问你同样的问题呢
What? If you didn't get it... - No. 什么 要是不是你买的的话 -不是我啊
And I didn't get it, then who? 也不是我买的 那是谁啊
Come on. It was me. 行了吧你俩 是我啊
Oh, uh, for a minute there we were thinking
it was Santa.哦 我俩还以为是圣诞老人送的呢
That's impossible. 那怎么可能
Everybody knows that Santa doesn't come
until we're asleep.地球人都知道圣诞老人得等人们睡着了才会来

So, you used your own money to buy Charlie
a doll house?这么说是你用自己的钱给查莉买的玩具屋

How did you know? 你怎么知道的她想要什么
She's only been talking about it for a month. 她都叨咕这事一个月了
And with Teddy and PJ out of the house, I
realized I needed to step up and be a...还有泰迪和PJ都不在家 我觉得我需要做一个

blizzard: n.暴风雪,大风雪;大打击;vi.下暴风雪; R o c k i e s : n.落基山脉;
A good big brother. 做个好哥哥
It's a Christmas miracle. 真是个圣诞奇迹啊
Ewe, stop! 别这样Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 5页/共3 2页
Stop. Stop. Stop. 放手 放手
Hey, Charlie. Well, even though we're not all
together for Christmas,嗨 查莉 虽然圣诞夜全家并没有聚在一起

I gotta say, it's kind of cool being in New
York.但是不得不说 在纽约呆着也挺好的
It's a pretty magical place. - Maybe for you. 这是个神奇的地方 -也许对你来说是
Hey, it's the lasagna lady. 这不是拿千层面的大娘嘛
How was the party? - I didn't go. 派对怎么样啊 -没去成
I traded the lasagna for a jet ride, and then
she never called me back!我拿我的千层面换坐私人飞机了 结果那姑娘再
没给我打过电话
Tough town. 纽约真难搞啊
More caviar , please. 请再给我来点鱼子酱
Oh, not that much, you fool. 哦 用不着这么多 你个二货
And draw my bath. 给我放洗澡水去
PJ, what are you doing? - Oh, I'm practicing. PJ 干嘛呢 -我练习呢
I've never had a Butler before. 我以前还从没使唤过管家呢
Well, this should be interesting. 呃 挺有意思的哈
Bring me my slippers . 把我的拖鞋拿来
I know I don't live here, don't you talk back to
m e .我知道我不住这 别跟我顶嘴
Well, Merry Christmas and wish us all good
luck, Charlie.圣诞快乐 祝我们都好运吧 查莉
What do you think is in here? 你猜这里面装的是个啥
I don't know, but whatever it is, I'm guessing
it's about to throw up.不知道啊 不过不管是什么 我猜它都快吐了

Am I wrong, or is Zuri really pushing her luck
with Santa?是我看错了吗 还是祖瑞想占圣诞老人的便宜

Make sure to hang that one on a sturdy
hook.一定要把那个挂到一个结实点的钩子上
Coal is very heavy. 煤块会很沉的
I can't believe you invited up two complete
strangers from off the street.真不敢相信你居然把两个大街上碰到的陌生人
请家来了
No good can come of that. 这绝对百害而无一利
That's how I wound up living here. 我就是这么来这的
Exactly. 没错啊
Hey, it's Christmas Eve! Quit being such a
Scrooge !今天可是圣诞夜 别这么吝啬了Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 6页/共3 2页
caviar: n.鱼子酱; slippers: n.拖鞋(slipper的复数形式); sturdy: adj.坚定的;强健的;健全的;n.羊晕倒
病 ;  Scrooge: vt.推;挤;vi.推;挤;n.吝啬鬼;
So, what did you get the kids for Christmas? 说说吧 你给孩子们都买了什么礼物
I don't know. I just put my name on all the
gifts you got 'em.我哪知道 我不过是在你的礼物上写上了我的名
字
Just for that, you are gonna help me set up a
Christmas treasure hunt for them.就因为这个 你也得帮我布置圣诞节寻宝活动

How am I supposed to put my name on that? 这个我怎么往上写名字啊
Hey, guys! 你们好啊
Hello, Jessie. Hi, everyone. 你好杰茜 大家好
This is my brother, PJ. - Hey. 这是我哥PJ -嗨
This is Ravi, Emma, and Luke. Welcome to
our humble home.他们几个是拉维 艾玛 卢克 欢迎光临寒舍

I guess in New York, "humble" means
"palace towering over the city".我猜纽约话里 寒舍 就是 高耸入云的宫殿 的意
思吧
My parents say thanks again for letting us
stay here.代我父母向你们表示感谢 谢谢你们让我们在这
留宿
We feel really bad intruding on your
Christmas Eve.真抱歉打搅了你们的平安夜
Aw, well, we wouldn't want you to feel bad. 这样啊 我们也不愿意让你难受啊 请吧
Ignore our Butler. Hospitality is not really
his thing.别理他 他从来就没尽过地主之谊
How odd. Do you also have a Chef who
hates to cook?真奇怪啊 你家是不是也有个不愿意做饭的厨子
啊
Yeah. Same guy. 有啊 也是他
The kids were actually just about to open
their Christmas Eve gifts.孩子们正要开圣诞礼物呢
Has everyone picked out a present? 大家都选好了吗
Well, I have now. 哇 我现在是选到了
Luke Ross, trust fund recipient . 好男人就是我 我就是卢克·罗斯
Is he the one you warned me about? 这就是你之前警告我的那个
Mmm-hmm. 还用说
He's the reason we can't have mistletoe
anymore.就因为他 我们这都挂不成槲寄生了
What in the silver bells happened here? 这里到底怎么了
Okay, who tried to wrap m e ? 说吧 是谁想把我打包了Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 7页/共3 2页
t o w e r i n g : adj.高耸的; v.高翔 (tower的ing形式); intruding: vt.把…强加;把…硬挤;vi.闯入;侵入;侵扰;
Hospitality: n.好客;殷勤; recipient: n.容器,接受者; adj.容易接受的,感受性强的; mistletoe: n . [ 中
医]槲寄生 (一种常用作圣诞节室内悬挂的植物); w r a p : vt.包; n.外套;
Hey, why was I sleeping on the floor? 咦 我为什么会睡在地板上
And who's playing the piano from the inside? 还有谁在钢琴里面弹钢琴呢
Luke? 卢克
Oh! That explains why I dreamed about
flossing .哦 怪不得我做梦拿牙线剔牙呢
We've all dreamed about you flossing. 咱们都希望你哪天能剔剔牙啊
Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out. 小心点啊 小心点 小心点
Ow! Ow! Ow! Yeah! 轻点 疼啊 好了
What happened to our tree? 咱们的圣诞树怎么了
And why am I the only thing under it? 还有 为什么树底下就只有我 礼物呢
OMG! All our presents are gone! 天啊 咱们的礼物全都不见了
That's weird. 太奇怪了
I've never heard of Santa taking away
presents!我还从没听说过圣诞老人拿走礼物的呢
How naughty were you two? 你俩是有多淘气啊
Guys! 来人啊
Remember that cool chemistry set I opened
up last night?还记得我昨晚打开的那套很酷的化学仪器么

No. - Nerd . 不记得了 -书呆子
Neither do I. 我也不记得了
But I woke up a few minutes ago, and I made
s o m e  troubling discoveries.但我几分钟前醒来的时候 发现了一些让我很困
惑的事
Actually, I don't remember anything that
happened last night after Teddy and PJ got
here.说实话 自从昨晚泰迪和PJ来了以后的事 我什
么都不记得了
Yeah, the last thing I remember is freckles
here hitting on me.是啊 我记得的最后一件事就是这位雀斑弟跟我
调情
And my last memory is you saying you'd go
out with me.我记得的最后一件事则是你同意跟我约会了

Worth a try. 至少也试试嘛
Why can't any of us remember last night? 为什么咱们都失忆了
Judging from my notes, it appears I mixed a
compound which exploded into a toxic
vapor .从我的笔记判断 是我弄混了一种化合物 爆炸
后形成了有毒的蒸汽Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 8页/共3 2页
That put us to sleep and caused a retroactive
memory blackout .就是那个使我们昏迷并暂时性失忆的
flossing: n.牙线; N e r d : n.呆子;讨厌的人; troubling: n.浊度;浑浊度; freckles: n.[皮肤]雀斑 v.使生雀
斑 (freckle的第三人称单数形式); exploded: adj.爆炸了的; v.爆炸 (explode的过去分词); t o x i c : a d j .
有毒的;中毒的; vapor: n.蒸汽; retroactive: adj.追溯的;有追溯效力的;反动的; b l a c k o u t : n.灯火管制;
灯火熄灭;暂时的意识丧失;
Sincerest apologies from myself and the
Little Edison Toy Company.真诚地代表我自己以及小爱迪生玩具公司向大
家道歉
Okay, um, not to add another problem to the
list, but has anyone seen my brother?呃 不是给大家添乱啊 不过有人看见我哥了吗

No, but do you have a sister? 没有 不过你有姐姐吗
It's in there! It's big, it's scary, and when I
woke up, it was nibbling on me!它在里面 很大 很吓人 我醒过来的时候 它还吃
我身上的东西
T h e  lizard ? - The Butler? 蜥蜴吗 -管家吗
Whoa, it's a reindeer ! 哇 是头驯鹿耶
I thought it was a moose ! 我还以为是驼鹿呢
Nice reindeer. 你好啊 小鹿鹿
Please tell me you're on a break and Santa's
on his way to pick you up!求你告诉我你现在是休息呢 圣诞老人就快来接
你了
Yes, Dad, we're having a great Christmas. 没错 爸 我们圣诞节玩得很开心
They even have a reindeer. 他们家还有头驯鹿呢
Right, uh, yeah, of course, a plastic one. 是啊 对 当然是塑料的
A real one would be bizarre and frightening
.要是真的 那可就太吓人了
Good boy, Prancer. 乖 普兰瑟
More like Biter , or Kicker . 这家伙又咬人又踢人的
We looked everywhere, but we could not find
any presents.我们到处都找过了 就是找不到咱的礼物
Not even socks . 袜子都没了
At this point, I'd be happy with an acrylic
sweater.在这种情况下 能有个腈纶毛衫我就挺高兴了

Santa, if you're listening, I didn't mean that! 圣诞老人 如果你听见了的话 这话不是我真心
说的
Okay, we need to figure this out before your
parents get home.好吧 咱们一定要在你们父母回家之前把这事弄
清楚Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第1 9页/共3 2页
Sincerest: 最真诚的;最虔诚的(sincere的最高级); nibbling: n.[机]步冲轮廓法; v.一点一点地吃;
(nibble的ing形式); lizard: n.蜥蜴;类蜥蜴爬行动物; reindeer: n.[脊椎][畜牧]驯鹿; moose: n.[脊椎]
驼鹿;麋;[复数moose]; bizarre: adj.奇异的(指态度,容貌,款式等); frightening: adj.令人恐惧的;引起
突然惊恐的; B i t e r : n.咬人的动物;骗子; Kicker: n.踢者;爱发牢骚的人;喷射器; socks: 袜子(sock的复
数 )  acrylic: adj.丙烯酸的;
We'll split into two teams. 分成两队行动
Boys, you sift through the wreckage f o r
anything that might help us remember what
happened last night.男生们 你们就留在家里 寻找一切能让我们回
忆起昨晚的事的线索
And, as we sift, we will also dust and put
away!还有 我们一边找线索 一边还要清理屋子

I seriously need to change teams. 我真想换队
PJ, you're in charge. PJ你负责
Really? Cool! 真的吗 好耶
Ravi, you're in charge. 拉维 换你负责
Ugh! I can't believe I have to clean up your
stupid chemistry set on Christmas.真恶心 真不敢相信圣诞节的我 还得给你清理
你那傻了吧唧的化学仪器
Stop crying over spilled magnesium citrate
, and help us find some clues about what
happened last night!覆柠檬酸镁难收 赶快帮忙找找昨天的事的线索
吧
Hey guys, I think I found our first clue! 你俩快来 我觉得找到第一条线索了
Why do you say that? 你怎么那么肯定
Because this paper says, "your first clue". 因为这纸上写着 第一条线索
Ooh! D i b s  on reading it! 哦 我要读
'"Welcome to your Christmas treasure hunt". 欢迎参加圣诞寻宝活动
What a whimsical holiday treat. 真是个奇怪的假期大礼
'"Sure, it is fun to just get a present, but
hunting for it is much more pleasant".收到礼物确实好 但找礼物更美妙
Someone hid our presents? 有人把咱们的礼物藏起来了
What kind of sicko would do that? 得是多变态的人能这么干啊
Okay, Shawn's heading for the restroom, so
we've got about five minutes to check last
night's security footage .好了 肖恩去洗手间了 我们大约有五分钟的时
间看昨晚的监控录像
sift:vt.筛选; wreckage: n.(失事船或飞机等的)残骸; (船只等的)失事; spilled: 溢出; magnesium: n .
[化学]镁; citrate: n.柠檬酸盐; Dibs: n.权利;零钱;骨制的筹码; whimsical: adj.古怪的;异想天开的;反
复无常的; sicko: n.道德败坏的人;神经有问题的人; footage: n.英尺长度;连续镜头;以尺计算长度;
He had Taco Queen for breakfast. 他今早吃的是皇后牌玉米卷
We've got at least 20. 少于二十分钟他是出不来了Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 0页/共3 2页
We need to figure out what happened after
you and PJ got here last night.咱们得弄清楚昨晚你和PJ来了以后发生了什么

Yeah, and who let a reindeer up
unannounced .是啊 还有是谁鸟么悄地就把这头驯鹿放上来了

If you knew our door staff, you wouldn't be
surprised by that.你要是认识我们的看门人的话 这事就不奇怪了

Just keep looking for the monster who stole
our presents!就盯着那个偷咱礼物的毛贼看就行了
Okay, no reindeer or monsters yet. 好的 目前还没有出现驯鹿或是贼
That's a giant Elf. 大号的小精灵啊
That's no Elf, that's our Butler! 才不是精灵呢 那是我们家的管家
It was Bertram? I always knew he was part
Grinch !伯特伦吗 我就说他有精灵血统的嘛
He's stealing presents from children? 他居然偷小孩的礼物
It does not get any lower than that. 不会有人比他更卑劣了
Whoa, it looks like he didn't act alone. 哇哦 好像他没在单独作案啊
Jessie? 杰茜
Okay, forget about the lowest . 之前的话当我没说
It's not like anybody died. 我们又没害死人
We haven't seen the rest of the tape. 我们还没看全录像呢 怎么会知道
It was you? 是你干的
You stole our presents? 是你偷了我们的礼物
I don't know why I would... 我也不知道为什么我会
Oh! Now I remember! 哦 我想起来了
I wanted to give you guys a Christmas
treasure hunt, so I hid all your presents.我想给你们弄个圣诞寻宝活动 所以就把礼物都
藏起来了
Sounds fun, right? 听起来挺好玩的 对吧
Not as fun as finding them under the tree! 没有直接在圣诞树下拿好玩
And opening them in our jammies , as Santa
intended!还有穿着睡衣打开它们 假装是圣诞老人送的

Okay, guys, relax. 好了 孩子们 放轻松
We'll just go get the presents. 咱们去把礼物拿回来不就完事了么
Great, where are they? 行啊 礼物都在哪呢
T a c o : n.墨西哥煎玉米卷;墨西哥人; unannounced: adj.突然的;未经宣布的;未通知的; monster: 怪
物,巨人 G r i n c h : n.令人扫兴的人,败兴者; lowest: adj.最低的; jammies: 睡衣裤;
I have no idea. 我也不知道啊Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 1页/共3 2页
Oh, someone's about to get Jack Frosted up! 你可是越过我的底线了
Why didn't you just hide them in the
apartment?你干嘛不把礼物藏在公寓里啊
Yeah, that would have been smarter. 是啊 那样的话可比这明智多了
Okay, who invited her? 好吧 谁请她来的
Let me at her! 让我去抓她啊
Zuri, aren't you the same girl who was just on
the subway yesterday preaching peace on
E a r t h ?祖瑞 你不是昨天还在地铁上 主张世界和平吗

All I know is, I don't have my presents, so I
need something to rip open!我只知道 我没拿到我的礼物 所以我要拆开点
儿什么东西
Okay, guys, calm down! 好吧 大家冷静点
Let's just empty our pockets and purses a n d
see if anything jogs my memory.我们来把口袋和包包掏空 看看能找到什么让我
回忆起来什么的东西
Nope. 没有
All I have is my emergency change of
jewelry.我只有我紧急备用的珠宝
All I've got is my walking around cash. 我只有随身带的零花钱
Well, um, I've got nothing, but dibs on
checking your couch cushions!嗯 我没啥东西 但我自愿去查一下你的沙发垫

Okay, ball of lint , certificate for a full-body
eucalyptus wrap, and a receipt for a locker
rental in Central Park.好吧 一团棉绒 桉树油全身护理的收据 还有在
中央公园租柜子时的发票
I gave you that certificate months ago! 我几个月前就给你那收据了
You're a thief and ungrateful ! 你真是个不领情的小偷
Well, excuse me for not wanting to spend five
hours just to smell like a koala snack!我没去花五个小时就为闻起来像考拉的点心 实
在是不好意思啊
F r o s t e d : adj.被霜覆盖的; v.下霜; p r e a c h i n g : n.讲道; adj.说教的; v.讲道 (preach的ing形式);
purses: 手提包; j o gs : vt.慢跑; n.慢跑; lint:n.软麻布;线头;棉绒;vi.飞散出棉线; eucalyptus: n.桉树;桉
属植物; r e n t a l : n.租金收入,租金; adj.租赁的; ungrateful: adj.忘恩负义的;不领情的;讨厌的;徒劳的;
koala: 考 拉
Wait, this receipt is dated December 24th. 等一下 这发票上写的日期是12月24日
For locker number 339 at the skating rink .是溜冰场里的339号柜子
Maybe I put the presents in there! 也许我把礼物放在那儿了
Then what are we doing here? Let's go! 那我们还楞在这儿干嘛啊 赶快走呀
Um, guys, uh, we're not taking the reindeer
with us, right?呃 各位 咱们就不带这头驯鹿了 对吧
Of course not, that would be silly. 当然不会啦 那会很傻的Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 2页/共3 2页
Sean, would you mind watching our dog? 肖恩 你介意帮忙看着我们的狗狗吗
Bye, Spot. 再见啦 小斑
I think he bought it. 我觉得他信了
Oh, there is the 12th clue! 哦 第十二个线索在这儿
All right. 好嘞
'"Now you have come to the glorious stage,
where the answer is found in the reptile ' s
cage."光荣一关等到你 答案在爬虫笼里
Oh, reptile! This one's easy. 哦 爬行动物 这简单啊
Wait! Mrs. Kipling does not like strangers in
her...等等 吉普林夫人不喜欢陌生人在它
...cage. 笼子里
I got... I got it! 我找 我找到了
Whew! Wow, there's a lot of unexpected
wildlife in this apartment.呼 哇 这公寓里野生动物还是出乎意料的多嘛

Okay, final clue. 好吧 最后一条线索
'"Don't rush off, stop and think. 别着急 停下想想
Your presents are in a box by the rink." 礼物就在溜冰场”
It must mean the ice skating rink in Central
P a r k .肯定指的是中央公园的溜冰场
Yes! Ravi, you're brilliant! Let's go! 对 拉维 你太有才了 咱走吧
Oh! Uh, on the way, can we stop and pick up
a  tourniquet and a pint of O-negative?哦 呃 在去的路上 我们能停下去买点儿止血带
和半升O型阴性血啊
Here it is! Locker 339! 就在这儿了 339号柜子
Okay, I have the combination. 好吧 我这儿有密码
'"Balance due 25 cents?" Does anyone have a
quarter?请付款两毛五 有人有两毛五吗
Here, I have one. 来 我有两毛五
Okay... 好
Bertram! 伯特伦
What are you doing in there? 你在这里干啥呀
Trying to keep my elbow out of my gall
bladder !试着不让胳膊肘碰到胆囊啊
skating: 滑冰(skate的现在进行时) r i n k : n.溜冰场,室内溜冰场;冰球场;vi.溜冰; reptile: adj.爬虫类的;
n.爬行动物; tourniquet: n.[外科]止血带;压脉器;压血带; gall:n.胆汁; bladder: n.膀胱;囊状物,可充气
的囊袋;Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 3页/共3 2页
Jessie, last night, you were supposed to come
right back for me!杰茜 昨晚你应该回来接我的
Why didn't you? - Uh, I have no idea! 你为什么没回来啊 -呃 我毫无头绪
None of us have any memory of last night. 我们几个都不记得昨晚发生啥事儿了
Must be nice! 肯定很棒吧
I spent the entire night wedged inside this
stinky locker!我整晚都被挤在这臭柜子里
I'll never be able to go to the gym again. 我再也去不成健身房了
A g a i n ? 再也
Don't you even start! 你别先起哄
Wait, why are you trapped in there? 等等 你为啥会困在那里
Aw, did Santa give you a time-out ? 噢 圣诞老人是不是让你一边罚站去啦
Jessie, this is all your fault. 杰茜 这都是你的错
The kids were asleep when we left, so I don't
understand why we had to wear these stupid
costumes .在我们离开时 孩子们还睡着正香呢 所以我不
懂为什么我们要穿这些特搞的戏服呢
I just wanted to see if you'd actually put it on. 我只想看看你穿上这个是啥效果
Now I have next year's Christmas card! 明年的圣诞贺卡搞定了
Come on, let's go home. 来 我们回家吧
Uh-oh, it's Zuri! What is she doing not in bed? 啊哦 是祖瑞 她不呆在床上来这儿干嘛
Why don't you ask her nanny? 为什么不问下她保姆呢
Oh, right. 哦 对呀
Just hide! I don't want my Christmas surprise
to get spoiled.快藏起来啊 我不想把圣诞惊喜泄露出去啊

Where? - In there! There! There, there! Go. 躲进哪里 -这里面 进去啊
Go, go, go! 进去啊
Come on, move farther back! 来啊 再进去点儿啊
I can't! What do you think is back here,
Narnia ?不行啊 你以为后面是啥啊 纳尼亚王国吗

I know Jessie and Bertram are here
somewhere.杰茜和伯特伦肯定就在这附近
I saw them sneak out with all the presents! 我看到他们带着礼物溜出来了
Okay, we've been wandering around so long, 好吧 我们在外面溜达够久了吧
I am starting to recognize all the rats. 我连每只老鼠都认得出来了
wedged: adj.楔形的; v.锲入 (wedge的过去式和过去分词); stinky: adj.发恶臭的;n.全景雷达;环视雷
达站; costumes: n.[服装]服装(costume的复数形式); Narnia: 纳尼亚传奇(电影名);
Can we please go back home? 咱就不能回家吗Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 4页/共3 2页
Hey, I don't know how you roll in that
Podunk hill town, but here in New York, we
get what's ours.嘿 我不知道你在那无名小镇里是咋处理事情的
但在纽约 我们就要拿回应得的东西
Okay, Denver is not a Podunk hill town. 好吧 丹佛才不是什么无名小镇呢
We have a pro football team, and our own
omelet !我们有专业的橄榄球队 还有我们自己的煎蛋卷

Call me when you have two football teams,
and Jay-Z.等到你们有俩橄榄球队和JAY Z时 你再打给我
吧
All right, Bertram, they're all gone, you can
come out now.好了 伯特伦 她们走了 你可以出来了
Uh-oh. 啊哦
What does "uh-oh" mean? 你这 啊哦 是什么意思
It locked automatically , and I need a
quarter to get you out!这柜子是自动锁上的 我需要两毛五把你放出来

Go ahead, splurge . I'll pay you back. 来啊 拿钱过来啊 我会还给你的
I don't have a quarter! 我没两毛五啊
Okay, I'll run home to get one, and be right
back.好吧 我回家去拿 去去就来
Just try to relax, and breathe through this. 放轻松点儿 就从这里呼吸吧
Oh, thanks. 哦 谢了
Oh, wait, where did you get this straw? 哦 等等 你从哪儿拿的这根吸管
From the trash . 垃圾桶里
Then you never came back! 然后你就没回来过了
I was stuck in here with a moldy salami
sandwich!我就在这儿跟个发霉的香肠三明治一起待着

I don't see a sandwich. 我没看见三明治啊
Don't judge me! You didn't live through what
I did!别找我茬啊 你没像我这样混过
Okay, the presents are in one of these
lockers !好 礼物在其中一个柜子里
We know, Sherlock . 我们知道 大侦探
Oh, hello, Bertram. Merry Christmas. 哦 你好啊 伯特伦 圣诞快乐
Podunk: n.偏僻小村;无名小镇; omelet: n.煎蛋卷;炒鸡蛋; automatically: ad v.自动地; adj.不经思
索的; splurge: vi.挥霍;卖弄;n.挥霍;炫耀;vt.挥霍;夸耀; t r a s h : n.垃圾;废物;vt.丢弃;修剪树枝;
moldy: adj.发霉的;乏味的;陈腐的; salami: n.意大利蒜味腊肠; lockers: n.储物柜; (locker的复数形
式 ) ;  S h e r l o c k : n.私家侦探;
Aw, you must have followed my Christmas
treasure hunt!噢 你肯定是跟着我的圣诞寻宝线索跟过来了
Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 5页/共3 2页
Indeed we did, and what a delightful romp
i t  w a s !确实是 这真是令人愉快 轻而易举啊
Delightful? 令人愉快
I was almost eaten by a dragon! 我就快被个巨龙吃了
And the presents aren't even for me! 而且这些礼物根本没我的份儿
My dad always hid my Christmas presents. 我爸每次都把我的圣诞礼物藏起来
He said, "You never get anything in life
without working for it."他说过 你不能不劳而获
Except presents! That's the whole point! 礼物除外啊 不然为啥叫礼物啊
You know, I actually think a Christmas
treasure hunt is very inventive .知道吗 其实我觉得圣诞寻宝很有创新啊
Thank you, Teddy. 谢谢 泰迪
You're from Colorado . You think electricity
is inventive.你是从科罗拉多州来的 电力你都觉得很新奇

Zuri! You loved Colorado when we went
skiing there last year.祖瑞 我们去年去科罗拉多州滑雪时你很喜欢那
里啊
Oh, that was Colorado? 哦 那是科罗拉多州
I thought that was Switzerland . 我还以为那是瑞士呢
Well, in my defense, it's very easy to fall
asleep on a private jet.嗯 从我角度上讲 坐私人飞机想不睡着都难

You're a very annoying little girl. 你真是个非常烦人的小姑娘
Bertram, which locker are the presents in? 伯特伦 礼物在哪个柜子里
They're in the locker right next to me. The
combination is in my pocket, if you'll...在我旁边的柜子里 我口袋里有密码 不过你们
先
It's in his pocket! - ...just help me out of here. 在他口袋里 -把我放出来啊
Got it! - Okay, come on, come on. 拿到了 -来 来
Oh. Wha... 哦 怎么
We need a quarter. 我们需要两毛五
Sorry, I'm all out. 抱歉 我没钱了
Well, why don't you break one of your
hundreds?为啥不把你其中一张一百块换成两毛五啊

delightful: adj.可爱的,可喜的;令人愉快的; r o m p : vi.玩耍; n.嘻耍喧闹; inventive: adj.发明的;有发
明才能的;独出心裁的; Colorado: n.科罗拉多;[城]科罗拉多州;科罗拉多河; skiing: n.滑雪运动;滑雪
术;v.滑雪(ski的ing形式); Switzerland: n.瑞士(欧洲国家);
I have one in my pocket, if you'll just... 我口袋里有两毛五 不过你们先
Let me out of here! - He has a quarter! 放我出来啊 -他有两毛五
Kids, be careful! 孩子们 小心点儿啊Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 6页/共3 2页
I think this might qualify as a mugging . 我觉得这可以算是抢劫了
Found it! 找到了
Jackpot ! Yeah! 赚到了 耶
I knew you'd have fun on my treasure hunt! 我就知道你们能在我的圣诞寻宝中找到了乐趣

Well, all's well that ends well. 嗯 真是皆大欢喜啊
Get me out of here! 快把我放出来啊
You know, now that Bertram explained
everything, it's all starting to come back to
m e .知道吗 现在伯特伦解释了前因后果后 我好像
想起来点儿什么东西了
Yeah, me, too. But I still feel like we're
forgetting of something.对呀 我也是 但我还是觉得我们忘了什么东西

And there it is. 在这儿呢
Guys, I just found the weirdest thing! 各位 我刚找到了最古怪的东西
Second weirdest. 第二古怪的东西
Suddenly, Zuri and Teddy being wanted for
reindeer-napping makes perfect sense.转眼间 祖瑞和泰迪 因为绑架了驯鹿而被通缉
就说得通了
What, so you two stole the reindeer? 什么 这么说是你俩绑走了驯鹿
Huh, there's a sentence I never thought I'd
s a y .哈 没想到我竟然能说出这样的话
I don't remember stealing a reindeer! 我不记得偷走一只驯鹿了
But it sounds like something someone from
Denver would do.但听起来丹佛人会做出这种事儿嘛
Zuri, that's enough! - We don't do that! 祖瑞 够了 -我们才不会这么做呢
Maybe a little innocent reindeer-tipping, now
and then, but...没准我们有时会从驯鹿那儿抢点儿小费 不过

It says Prancer was supposed to be a part of
the charity concert in the park today.这上说普兰瑟应该在今天公园里的 音乐会上表
演才对
You mean, that deer can sing? 你是说 这驯鹿会唱歌吗
Oh, you two are going away for life! 哦 你俩就等着牢底坐穿吧
Jessie, why do we have to confess ? 杰茜 为啥我们要去承认这件事啊
Why can't we just release Prancer and run? 为啥不能直接放了普兰瑟后开溜呢
mugging: n.行凶抢劫; v.自背后袭击并抢劫; (mug的ing形式); J a c k p o t : n.头奖; adj.头奖的;
weirdest: 怪异的; (weird的最高级); confess: vt.承认;
Yeah, for once, I agree with her. 对呀 这次我还真赞同她
It's a Christmas miracle. 这真是圣诞奇迹啊
Yeah. Aw, look at that sad little pen. 对呀 噢 看看那令人伤感的小围栏啊Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 7页/共3 2页
Oh, now I remember why we took him! 哦 现在我想起来把它牵走的原因了
Yeah, yeah, me, too! 对呀 我也想起来了
After we couldn't find you and Bertram last
night, we saw Prancer locked up in that
prison, so I decided to take him home.昨晚在我们找不到你和伯特伦后 我们看见普兰
瑟关进那牢房里了 所以我决定把它带回家

And you went along with that? 你还竟然同意了
I had a tough choice to make. 我有个艰难的决定
Either face an angry, snorting beast... 要么让我面对一个生气的 哼着鼻子的小怪兽

or the reindeer. 要么面对驯鹿
Prancer! Thank goodness! 普兰瑟 感谢上苍
Where was he? 你们在哪找到它的
Uh, weirdest thing. We found him... 呃 这事儿够怪的 我们在
We found him in our building. - In the Statue
of Liberty.我们在大楼里找到了它 -在自由女神像那里

Wait a minute. 等一下
You two stole Prancer! 你们俩偷走了普兰瑟
I'm calling the cops! 我要去报警了
Okay, okay! We did it. 好吧 好吧 我们确实偷走了它
But you wouldn't send three sweet, young
girls to jail, would you?但你不会忍心把仨甜美的 年轻姑娘关进大牢
对吧
Uh, not three! I'm innocent! 呃 不是仨姑娘 我是无辜的
And they're really sorry. 而且她们非常抱歉
Sorry won't raise money for the kids. 道歉不会给孩子们筹款啊
Or put toys in their donation b i n s  . 也不能把玩具放到捐助箱啊
But you've got Prancer back now, and you're
still having the charity concert, right?但你现在拿回普兰瑟了 你还可以进行慈善演唱
会 对吧
Wrong! After Prancer went missing, our
singer, Joey Fatone, helped search for him.错了 普兰瑟失踪后 我们的歌手 乔伊·法桐 帮忙
去找它
He was out there all night, calling Prancer's
name, and by this morning, he lost his voice.他整晚都在外面 呼唤着普兰瑟的名字 等到今
儿早时 他失声了
And his watch. He was mugged . 还丢了手表 他被抢了
Wow, way to bring down the room. 哇 真是坏事连连啊
snorting: n.烫吸法; (snort的ing形式); b i n s : 箱子(bin的复数) mugged: n.杯子;
She could still call the cops. Dial it back. 她还可以报警啊 别打岔了
So now the charity event has their reindeer
back, but they don't have a singer.现在呢慈善机构找回他们的驯鹿了 但他们没歌
手了Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 8页/共3 2页
Zuri, I am so disappointed in you. 祖瑞 我对你失望透顶了
I can't believe you stole a reindeer without
m e !真不敢相信你偷驯鹿时没叫上我
That was on my bucket list! 这可在我的遗愿清单上啊
As long as I'm not on it. 清单上没我就成了
I can't believe we came so close to meeting
the Joey Fatone.真不敢相信我们离见到乔伊·法桐只差一步之遥
了
Guys, the point is, this event was going to
help a lot of kids have a happy Christmas,
and now that's not going to happen.各位 重点是 这活动本来能让很多孩子过一个
开心的圣诞节 但现在这事要泡汤了
And it's all our fault! 而且这都是我们的错
I feel terrible. 我觉得糟透了
We were so upset when we could not find
our presents.咱们找不到自己的礼物就已经够苦恼的了

Imagine how these kids will feel when they
do not get any.想想看 那些孩子们得不到任何礼物时 他们会
咋想
There's got to be something we can do. 我们肯定还有方法补救的
Wait! I just got the greatest idea! 等等 我刚想到一个最好的法子了
You can sing at the charity concert, which
will attract a huge crowd of toy-givers,
thereby saving the day?你可以在慈善音乐会上唱歌 这会引来很多人来
捐玩具 从而将功补过
Actually, I was gonna say we do an
emergency bake sale, but I like your idea
way better!其实呢 我想说我们来个糕点义卖 不过我觉得
你的法子好多了
Jessie, thank you so much for offering to sing
for the charity.杰茜 非常感谢你自愿为慈善音乐会唱歌
You can sing, right? 你会唱歌 对吧
Like a bird. 跟小鸟一样甜美
And she looks cuter than a partridge i n  a
pear tree!她比梨树上的山鹑还要可爱呢
Thanks. 谢了
I just wish we had more than three peeps a
watchin'.我只希望来看的观众不止三个
c u t e r : adj.可爱的;聪明的(cute的比较级); partridge: n.[鸟]鹧鸪;松鸡; p e a r : 梨  peeps: 窥视;
Yeah, it's not the turnout we expected, but
at least we'll get a few toys.对呀 这没有我们预期中的好 但至少我们收到
个几个玩具啊
More than a few! Look. 不止几个啊 快看
Look at all the presents! 看看这些礼物啊Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第2 9页/共3 2页
Jessie, we thought about what you said, and
we realized we've only been thinking about
ourselves this Christmas.杰茜 我们仔细想了想你说的话 然后意识到我
们 今年圣诞节都太自私了
So we want to donate all of our presents to
the toy drive.所以我们想把所有的礼物都捐到玩具捐助库里

You do? 是吗
That is so sweet of you. 你们太贴心了
I am so proud of you guys! 我为你们而感到自豪
Well, we already have so much. 嗯 我们已经拥有很多了
And, you know what? 还有 你知道吗
Not being selfish feels really good. 不自私的感觉真是太棒了
Aw, Luke. 啊 卢克
Wow, look what was tucked in with these
socks!哇 看看这些袜子里下面藏了什么
A n  Amazon river cruise and zip-line
adventure!亚马逊河游轮之旅加上飞索冒险
Still proud. 还是以你为荣
Merry Christmas,everybody! 大家圣诞快乐
Please welcome the very talented, hopefully, 请大家热烈欢迎非常有才华的 但愿如此吧

Jessie Prescott. 杰茜·普利斯科
Even if she stinks , please donate more toys!
Thank you.即使她唱的很烂 也请大家多捐点玩具 谢谢

Debby Ryan - Favorite Time of Year 
Gotta have a little mistletoe 需要弄点那槲寄生
Mix it with a little jingle bells 再掺和着一点雪橇铃
Need to have a bit of winter snow 耶 Yeah 还需要一点冰雪的寒冷
Come on over, celebrate with me 快点来 跟我来庆祝
Hang a seraphon a Christmas tree 把天使挂在圣诞树
Tie it all up with a perfect bow 把所有的东西系起来
You and I 你和我
We'll be dreaming tonight 我们今晚梦多
By the fire 炉火边
I can't wait 'cause it's my 我迫不及待 因为这是我
Favorite time of year 一年中最喜欢的时候
Yeah, it's almost here 对呀 就快要来喽Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第3 0页/共3 2页
turnout: n.产量;出席者;出动;清除;[公路]岔道; t u c k e d : vt.盘 (tuck的过去分词); A m a z o n : 亚马逊;古
希腊女战士; stinks: v.令人厌恶; n.恶臭; (stink的复数); jingle: n.叮当声; v.(使)叮当作响;
Can you see it now? 你看见了吗
It's coming and coming and coming around 就要 就要 就要来了
My favorite time of year 我一年中最喜欢的时候
Feel it in the air 从空气中感受
Can you feel it now? 你感觉到了吗
It's coming and coming and coming around ? 就要 就要 就要来了
Thanks. 谢谢
Okay, the cab is on its way. 好吧 出租车在来的路上了
Mmm, bye-bye. 嗯 拜拜啦
Just so you know, it is customary to tip the
help.提醒一下 在这里帮助人是要付小费的
When did he help us? 他啥时候帮过我们啦
Can you break a quarter? 你能把这两毛五找零吗
Jessie, thanks again, for giving us a Christmas
we'll never forget.杰茜 再次感谢你让我们度过了个难以忘怀的圣
诞节
And still don't completely remember. 虽然我们还没完全记起来过
I just wish I knew what experiment I was
attempting last night that rendered us
unconscious and erased our short-term
memory.我只希望我能晓得昨晚做的是啥实验 把我们都
弄昏迷 并且让我们失去短期记忆了
Guys, check this out. 各位 快来看啊
I think I just found something that will explain
everything!貌似我找到可以解释前因后果的东西了
Charlie, if you find this and you wonder what
happened to me, your sister got run over by a
reindeer!查莉 如果你找到这段录像并且在想我在干啥的
话 我会跟你说 你姐被驯鹿碾过去了
Prancer, you are about to go on the naughty
list!普兰瑟 你就要到调皮名单上了
Whoa! 哇哦
Whoa, whoa, whoa! 哇哦 哇哦 哇哦
Now I know why Santa leaves them on the
roof.现在我知道为啥圣诞老人把它们留在屋顶上了

Ravi! Where's that knock-out serum ? 拉维 那个昏迷血清在哪儿呢
We need to tranquilize this reindeer, stat !我们要让这驯鹿冷静下来 快点Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第3 1页/共3 2页
c u s t o m a r y : adj.习惯的;通常的;n.习惯法汇编; rendered: adj.已渲染的; v.提出; unconscious: a d j .
无意识的; erased: adj.被清除的; v.抹去 serum: n.血清;浆液;免疫血清;乳清;树液; tranquilize: v t .
使…安静;使…镇定; stat:n.静;斯达(放射性强度单位);
Almost there! Luke, add the chartreuse
chemical!就快好了 卢克 把淡黄绿色的药品加进去

I don't know what chartreuse is! 我不知道淡黄绿色是啥啊
Uh, here! Let's use this! 呃 来 试试这个
No! That is turquoise , you idiot! 不 那是青绿色 你这二百五
You couldn't just have red, blue, green, and
yellow?你就不能只有红蓝绿黄这些颜色的液体吗

Uh-oh! You have turned the knock-out serum
into a vapor, which could knock us out!啊哦 你把昏迷血清弄成气体了 我们都会昏迷
过去的
Hide! Knock-out vapor on the loose! 快躲啊 昏迷气体暴走了
Is that a fancy way of saying you cut the
cheese?这是不是你放臭屁的一种高雅的说法啊
Whoa, what did you eat? 哇哦 你吃了啥呀
Can't... Sleep. 不能 睡觉
Must get Bertram out of locker. 必须把伯特伦从柜子里放出来
Wish us good luck, Charlie. 祝我们好运吧 小查莉
Okay, that does explain everything. 好吧 这确实解释了这事儿的来龙去脉
Except, who the heck's Charlie? 只是 查莉是何许人也
Gotta have a little mistletoe 需要弄点那槲寄生
Mix it with a little jingle bells 再掺和着一点雪橇铃
Need to have a bit of winter snow 'Cause it's
m y还需要一点冰雪的寒冷 因为这是我
Favorite time of year 一年中最喜欢的时候
Yeah, it's almost here 对呀 就快要来喽
Can you see it now? 你看见了吗
It's coming and coming and coming around 就要 就要 就要来了
chartreuse: n.黄绿色; adj.淡黄绿色的; turquoise: n.绿松石;蓝绿色;adj.蓝绿色的;
************************************************************************************************** 
 微信公众号：爱上英文台词剧本和音频
************************************************************************************************** Good Luck Charlie S04E17
第3 2页/共3 2页