You
中：你。
You guys want to go to the barbecue
中：你们要去烧烤派对吗？
Hey mom I'm not feeling too great so I don't think I'm gonna make it today
中：嘿，妈，我有点不舒服，今天估计去不了了。
Have to go leave for the barbecue
中：我得走了，去烧烤派对。
Have to go meet my family now
中：现在得去见家人了。
Never lose I win this race in high he'll choose your knockoff. I'm the real thing
中：绝不认输，这场比赛我赢定了，他选的是你的山寨货，我才是正品。
Love that slide and ball pit situation. I like want to own that
中：好喜欢那个滑梯和海洋球池，我都想拥有一个。
If it was a different color So how does it feel to be back? It's fun to start with a clean slate I feel like we've had so much time off filming that we've kind of gone into our own worlds and Done our own thing. I hate talking about myself, but I'm two years into school I am literally just studying for the bar. I'm really working on law school skims and being a mom
中：换个颜色就好了。回到镜头前感觉怎么样？重新开始挺有意思的。我感觉我们休息了那么久没拍戏，都有点活进自己的小世界、各忙各的了。我讨厌聊自己，但我在法学院已经两年了，现在真的就是在备考司法考试，忙着法学院、斯肯斯（Skims）和当妈的事。
Okay, I got it. Okay. I've just been in like mom mode carpool mode Do you want to go with dad to the Grammys and be his date? Just getting it all together at the house
中：好啦，我知道了。我一直处于妈妈模式、接送孩子模式。你想跟爸爸一起去格莱美当他的女伴吗？我就在家把一切都安排妥当。
You want to swap Okay, there might be one more we're working on whining, but let's go inside because you're really hot. We'll change it. Yeah
中：你想换一下吗？好吧，可能还有一套我们在弄。不过我们进屋吧，你热得不行了。我们会换掉的。嗯。
No, okay To me, that's what's so exciting is just that side of our lives like people don't see like I cleaned out the playroom today Like that kind of stuff gets me
中：不，没事。对我来说，最让我兴奋的就是我们生活的这一面，就是别人看不到的那些，比如我今天把游戏室收拾干净了。这种事真的让我很有感觉。
Makes me horny to literally clean out my fucking playroom. I'm insane like any mom will get that like if you have a clean Playroom. Oh my god, like you can sleep at night. Oh, here's mom
中：把游戏室收拾干净，真的让我浑身来劲。我是疯了吗？每个当妈的都懂，如果游戏室是干净的，天哪，你晚上都能睡个好觉。哦，妈妈来了。
Are you gonna do slime
中：你要玩史莱姆吗？
You have a very busy schedule Do you know that your schedule is busier than my schedule? I've been pretty busy since you last saw us I get up at four o'clock every morning
中：你的日程排得满满的。你知道你的日程比我的还满吗？自从你们上次见到我们，我就一直很忙。我每天早上四点起床。
How can people not answer their phone at 7 a.m. It's like it's almost lunchtime I'm a mom. I'm a grandmother. I'm running businesses. There's Kylie cosmetics and there's Kylie skin Kylie baby gims good American 818
中：早上七点怎么能有人不接电话？都差不多到午饭时间了。我是妈妈，是外婆，还在经营生意。有凯莉美妆、凯莉护肤、凯莉婴儿、GIMS、Good American、818。
Kkw fragrance Arthur George the hot sauce company halfway dead safely. Can this one person be lazy in this family?
中：KKW 香水、Arthur George、辣酱公司……（听不清）。这个家里能有一个人偷懒吗？
What did I leave out probably something cheers, babe. Here's to season 92 a new chapter
中：我漏了什么吧？大概有。干杯，宝贝。敬第 92 季，新的篇章。
Look at her you look so cute left without me what no What you just made it really obvious that what I know what you're having everyone just knows what I'm having what?
中：看看她，你看起来真可爱。不等我就走了？什么？你刚才表现得超级明显……我知道你怀的是什么，所有人都知道你怀的是什么。什么？
Cuz I can see her belly My belly looks the same. I am very excited to have another baby
中：因为我能看到她的肚子。我的肚子看起来一样啊。能再有一个宝宝，我超级开心。
I'm almost six months now For right now. We are keeping the gender just between Travis and I We're just waiting for the right moment to tell everyone in a special way I think it's a boy. You're skinnier this way. Oh, you're prettier
中：我现在快六个月了。目前宝宝的性别只有我和特拉维斯知道。我们只是在等合适的时机，用一种特别的方式告诉大家。我觉得是个男孩。这样穿你显得更瘦。哦，你更漂亮了。
How could you or last time like the girls take the beauty to give it to themselves the boys like Know what's up, and they just like let you be a little bit prettier My whole life is so public. My pregnancy is really public this time To have something between just Travis and I feels really special. It's just fun keeping that to ourselves
中：你怎么能……上次就是这样，女孩们会把美貌分给自己，男孩们呢，懂得怎么回事，就让你稍微漂亮一点。我这一辈子都活在公众目光下，这次怀孕也特别受关注。能有只属于我和特拉维斯两个人的秘密，真的很特别。就我们俩知道，太有意思了。
These kids everyone in this family takes a secret so seriously. They're so committed
中：这些孩子们，这家人保守秘密都特别认真，太投入了。
Chloe's here
中：克洛伊来了。
I'm so happy Why did I think you were at basketball already? No Sunday Sunday, I'm glad you're here Right now Tristan and I are just friends and I love our relationship that him and I have but my biggest focus is Being a mom to my beautiful angel true. Okay. I'll get it for you
中：我好开心。我怎么以为你已经去打篮球了？不，星期天嘛。星期天，你能来我太高兴了。现在特里斯坦和我只是朋友，我很喜欢我们现在的这种关系，但我最大的重心是当个妈妈，照顾好我的小天使 True。好啦，我去帮你拿。
Tristan
中：特里斯坦。
The food looks amazing if I do say so I think I want regular fries and
中：食物看起来太赞了，不是我自夸。我想要普通薯条，还有——
Chicken nuggets I'll have regular office a little more fries. Yeah. Thank you. I'm a vegan most of the time
中：鸡块。我要普通的，嗯，再来点薯条。好，谢谢。我大部分时间都是吃素的。
98% of the time but today I'm
中：98% 的时候是，但今天我要——
Going wild I'm just like living a dream over here. Yeah. No, this is a pregnant woman's dream dream
中：放纵一把。我在这里简直像活在梦里。是啊，这就是孕妇的梦想，梦想啊。
Travis yeah Travis and Auntie Courtney are coming
中：特拉维斯！对，特拉维斯和考特妮阿姨要来了。
There they are
中：他们来了。
Living my life without cameras was an absolute dream I've been spending a lot of time with my kids and I just like let life unfold
中：没有镜头的生活简直是梦想成真。我花了很多时间陪孩子们，就让生活自然展开。
so Travis is my boyfriend Our Homes are a block away from each other. He was one of my closest friends for probably eight years We used to work out together all the time and just us doing stuff on a friend level We could just be ourselves. We fell in love and now he's my boyfriend
中：所以，特拉维斯是我男朋友。我们家离他家就隔一个街区。他大概是我最亲密的朋友之一，有八年了。我们以前总是一起健身，以朋友的身份一起玩，可以做真实的自己。我们相爱了，现在他是我男朋友。
This is a relationship that I don't think anybody saw coming because they've known each other for so long And they were such good friends. I definitely saw this coming for years We have been telling Courtney that her and Travis should hook up. They are so happy seems so in love and Never stopped making out by the way like ever
中：这段关系我觉得谁都没想到，因为他们认识太久太久了，而且曾经是那么好的朋友。我早就料到会有这一天，好几年了。我们一直跟考特妮说，她和特拉维斯应该在一起。他们太幸福了，感觉好相爱，而且，顺便说一句，亲热起来就没停过，真的，没停过。
See
中：看。
Click on it
中：点进去。
Hold on Chloe you look at this what let me see
中：等等，克洛伊，你看看这个。什么？让我看看。
Chloe come here. I feel like you're the only one that would understand. Okay. I'm coming. I'm not sure what this means This is a character and roblox, but it says
中：克洛伊，过来。我觉得你是唯一能懂我的人。好，我来了。我不确定这是什么意思。这是 Roblox 里的一个角色，但上面写着——
Know that's why I said
中：知道了吧，所以我才说。
Oh, it's a game. Oh, well, then we're suing them if it's a game with my name and picture There was a picture of my cry face and then I looked at it and it said something super inappropriate like Kim's new sex tape
中：哦，是个游戏。哦，那我们就告他们。要是游戏用了我的名字和照片——有一张我哭的照片，然后我点进去看，上面写着超级恶心的东西，什么「金的性爱录像带新片」。
Thing that popped up on his roblox about me It says they're leaking something that
中：就是弹出来的关于我的东西，在他 Roblox 上。上面说他们要泄露——
Some someone said this is supposed to be unreleased footage from my old sex tape The last thing that I want as a mom is from my past to be brought up
中：有人说这据称是我当年那部性爱录像带没公开的片段。作为一个妈妈，我最不想的就是过去的事被翻出来。
20 years later Especially when it's this big party and my whole family's here This is some real embarrassing shit and I need to deal with it and I will deal with it I just cannot believe this is happening right now
中：20 年后还被翻出来。尤其现在还是这么重要的场合，全家人都在。这真是太丢人了，但我必须处理，而且我会处理。我简直不敢相信这种事现在还会发生。
Okay, let's go outside come on little lovebirds you can make out out there by the table
中：好啦，咱们去外面吧。来吧，小情侣们，你们可以去桌子那边亲热。
Okay, we're sitting here you babe Kendall's not here because she's just got the flu or something I
中：好，我们坐这儿。亲爱的，肯达尔没来，因为她得了流感还是什么的。我——
Actually didn't have the flu. I had COVID and it sucked but you know what you're gonna get me for the rest of the season Anyways, and I will be here. So don't you worry
中：其实不是流感，我得了新冠，太难受了。不过放心，这季剩下的时间你们都会看到我，我会在的，别担心。
Guys, can you believe that this is day one? Yeah. Yeah, I can't look at all the cameras. This is day one I know I have a little anxiety about it. You do just like what the fuck are we doing again? Yeah
中：伙计们，你们敢信这才是第一天吗？是啊。是啊，我都看不了那些镜头。这是第一天。我知道我有点焦虑。你确实有。就像……我们到底又在搞什么鬼？是啊。
Same you're gonna be good. Just suck it up. And oh, I'm always good So guys mom and I had lunch the other day with Lauren Michaels from SNL. Yeah, and they asked me to host it
中：一样。你会没事的，忍忍就好了。哦，我一直都很好。所以，伙计们，前几天我和妈妈跟 SNL 的劳伦·迈克尔斯吃了午饭。对，然后他们邀请我去主持。
But did you say yeah, I said yes, wait, are you listening to this? No, sorry your sister's gonna host SNL Saturday night live super to from New York
中：那你答应了吗？我说了是。等等，你们在听吗？没有，抱歉。你姐姐要去主持 SNL，周六夜现场，现场直播，来自纽约！
Everyone around me is like you have to do this and I get it. It's so cool But I always put myself in these situations that I think I'm fulfilling other people's dreams. Honestly of like my mom's I
中：身边所有人都说，你必须去，我懂，这太酷了。但我总是把自己放进这种情境里，我觉得自己是在实现别人的梦想，说实话，比如我妈妈的梦想。我——
Don't know why I did dance with the stars. I sucked You just have to come out and sell it and sizzle and and you didn't absolutely sucked That's just so not me if you know me like I it's not me. I'm just not funny
中：不知道我当初为什么要去《与星共舞》，我跳得烂透了。你只需要上场，把气场拿出来，闪闪发光……但你当时没有，确实烂透了。那完全不是我的风格，如果你了解我，就知道那不是真实的我。我就是不好笑。
It's just But you are funny. We've always told you you're not but you really yeah, you really are and you're more funny than you Can dance so just look at it on the bright side. Oh good. Yeah. Yeah, Chloe and I are known to be the funny ones But you know Kim's related to us, so I think she can be funny. I think she has it in her
中：只是……但你真的好笑啊。我们一直跟你说。你不……但你真的，真的好笑。而且你比你会跳舞，所以往好处想吧。哦，好吧。是啊。克洛伊和我才是公认搞笑的，但你知道金跟我们是一家人，所以我觉得她也能好笑，她有那个潜质。
But also I'm like kind of like going back and forth like since Kanye's album is out Like do I want him to be my that would be epic if like he was my musical guest But then do I want my own moment Kanye and I are still going through a divorce now We're just trying to figure it out how to be good parents to our kids together of how to be good friends to each other Ultimate goal no matter what is just happiness and following that whatever that looks like I think have your own moment because I think you'd rely on him for like the comfort, right? This is my first time and I kind of want this to be about me and not about how are they gonna act to each other I mean, I just can't embarrass us you guys you've embarrassed us before. It's fine. It doesn't matter They haven't announced it yet. I wonder if I could still pull out. You're not gonna embarrass us. You're gonna be in music I don't know
中：但我又在反复纠结，因为坎耶的新专辑出来了。我想不想让他当我的音乐嘉宾？要是他当我的音乐嘉宾，那会超级炸。但我又想要完全属于自己的时刻。坎耶和我现在还在走离婚程序，我们只是在想办法怎么一起当好孩子们的好父母，怎么对彼此保持友好。无论怎样，最终目标都是幸福，然后朝着幸福走，不管它长什么样。我觉得你应该要自己的时刻，因为你会依赖他来获得那种安全感，对吧？这是我的第一次，我有点想让这一切围绕我，而不是围绕「他们俩会怎么相处」。我是说，我真的不能给家人丢脸。你们以前就丢过脸了。没事的，没关系。他们还没官宣。我在想我还能不能退出。你不会给我们丢脸的。你要去演音乐……我不知道。
See you I'm not sure Courtney really has a tight But if she does It's definitely Travis like I've watched them come to a decision over Something as simple as a dessert like okay, babe. What kind of dessert do you want? Well? I don't know, babe. What kind of dessert do you want? Well, babe? I don't know Do you want the apple tart? Well? I don't know. Do you want the truck? What do you think we should do like 15 minutes? I'm like for God's sakes just pick a dessert get both
中：看看吧。我不确定考特妮是不是真的……如果是的话，那一定是特拉维斯。我见过他们连选个甜点这么简单的事都要商量半天：好啦，宝贝，你想吃什么甜点？嗯，我不知道，宝贝。你想吃什么甜点？嗯，宝贝？我不知道。你要苹果派吗？嗯，我不知道。你要……你觉得我们应该怎么办？整整 15 分钟！我心想，天哪，就选个甜点吧，两个都点！
You probably won't find me straddling Corey every five minutes
中：你大概看不到我每隔五分钟就骑在科里身上。
Maybe after a drink, but I'm gonna get a burger
中：喝一杯之后也许有可能，不过我要去拿汉堡了。
Courtney has just been in this Amazing relationship. It's like the first time that I've seen her happy I'm like so happy for this win for her because she really deserves it. So wait No one invited Scott. I don't know I didn't invite him you didn't ask for it. No, I just honestly forgot I didn't even think about it I didn't either and then does that make us awful human beings that we're like going on with our lives I don't think so everything that he thank you everything that he was always like a freedom I have don't have any family and you're like it came true And now it's like coming true Hold on guys Scott and I have been broken up for seven years and I gave him ten years before that So like why is everyone making such a big deal about this? Let's just not hate on a girl who finally knows what she deserves So he doesn't know about this at all. I don't think so who would have told them you know how one way to find out
中：考特妮正处在一段超棒的关系里。这是我第一次看到她这么幸福。我为她高兴，她真的值得。等等，没人邀请斯科特？我不知道，我没邀请他。你也没邀请？没有，我就是真的忘了，我压根没想到。我也是。那这会不会让我们变成糟糕的人，我们还在这正常过日子？我不觉得。他以前总说……谢谢。他以前总说：我真希望有个家，我都没有家人。然后现在，就像……梦想成真了？等等，伙计们，我跟斯科特分手都七年了，之前还给了他十年。为什么大家都把这事看得那么严重？我们就别去苛责一个终于知道自己值得什么的女孩了吧。所以他完全不知道这件事？我觉得不知道。谁会告诉他呢？你知道吗，有个办法能知道。
So rainy come here when you go home does your dad ask you what you did is he like oh rain What did you do tonight?
中：所以，Rainey，过来。你回家以后，你爸爸会问你干了什么吗？他会不会说：哦，Rainey，你今晚干嘛去了？
I think that your dad's so tired so no need to tell him what we did tonight, okay
中：我觉得你爸爸太累了，所以没必要告诉他我们今晚干了什么，好吗？
Cool, we'll have an understanding
中：好，那我们说好了。
What are you doing you are so cute
中：你在干嘛呀，你太可爱了。
Can I eat you?
中：我能吃掉你吗？
Hey
中：嘿。
Break it down break it down Bob Bob Bob. Yeah, we all fire now
中：跳起来！跳起来！Bob！Bob！Bob！对，我们现在都火力全开。
Yeah, what makes my main man talk about what it's been like not so So this is probably the first time in like 15 years That we've had a really really long break from having cameras follow or every move and I think it got a little lonely Scott and I are incredibly close, but I guess I just don't know what Scott I'm gonna receive today. I Think I'm just prepared for anything Lord
中：对，来，跟我兄弟聊聊这段时间过得怎么样。这大概是 15 年来第一次，我们终于不用被摄像头跟着了，放了一个超长的假。我觉得有点孤单。斯科特和我关系特别铁，但我觉得我真不知道今天会见到哪个版本的斯科特。我做好了一切心理准备。老天爷。
We did not always have a great relationship I have gone to anger management over Scott, but somehow Scott and I became like besties and He really is like a brother to me. God must have broke the mold when he made you just hoping Look at these cameras out of here That being said he does speak to me maybe a little more
中：我们以前关系并不好，我甚至因为斯科特去上过情绪管理课。但不知怎么的，斯科特和我成了最好的朋友，他对我来说真的像兄弟。上帝造你的时候一定打破了模具。看看吧，这些摄像头，出去。话虽如此，他跟我说话确实有点太……
Flirty than my real brother does the whole thing weird
中：……太暧昧了，比我亲哥还过分，整件事怪怪的。
So where's your head out with court
中：所以你和考特妮之间，你现在是什么状态？
Honestly, I think for like the first time probably in my life
中：说实话，我觉得这可能是我人生中第一次——
It's finally starting to change now that corny's got her life with Travis like As hard as it is it does give me a place to like finally be able to move on Do you genuinely think that you would be open to like a real
中：现在考特妮和特拉维斯有了自己的生活，一切终于开始改变了。虽然很难接受，但它确实让我终于能够向前走了。你真的觉得你会愿意开始一段真正的——
Loving relationship. So like if I want to find somebody
中：——真正的感情？所以，如果我想找一个人——
Real yeah, and serious and someone I'm gonna actually spend my life with It would have to be somebody More age-appropriate. Yeah, like, you know
中：——真心的，认真的，一个我打算共度一生的人。那得是年龄更合适的人。是啊，你懂的。
21 when you're with an equal Yeah, you have to go back to challenge you. Yeah, I think that's a big step for me, but not over
中：21？当你和一个旗鼓相当的人在一起……是啊，你得回去找一个能挑战你的人。对，我觉得对我来说这是一大步，但不会超过——
30 over time, I don't care whatever it is if I love somebody doesn't matter their age
中：——30。不过话说回来，我无所谓，不管对方多大年纪，只要我爱他就行。
Not sure about that. Did you know about the barbecue at Kim's house?
中：那可不好说。你知道金家要办烧烤派对的事吗？
Nah a little bit because I think one of the kids said something which the kids always kind of tell me everything Feeling left out and not being told anything is super hurtful
中：不知道。一点点吧，因为好像有个孩子说了什么，孩子们总是会把什么事都告诉我。被排除在外，什么都不被告知，真的很难受。
especially when I don't have Another family to go to but I have a question. Do you think you can handle being around court and her new Boyfriend I'd rather be around them and be around my family than not at all I will say at the barbecue when You weren't there. I was almost like it's probably best because it was so small and intimate and they're very Lovey-dovey right that I don't know if that's so comfortable for you I thought it almost did you a favor by not having to see that so face-to-face. Oh Everyone knows he's still in love with Courtney It's not a secret, but this is a hundred percent the happiest. I've seen Courtney I know how much Travis and Courtney love each other and
中：尤其是当我没有别的家人可以去的时候。但我有个问题：你觉得你能受得了跟考特妮和她新男友待在一起吗？我宁愿跟他们待在一起、跟我的家人待在一起，也好过完全被排除在外。我要说的是，烧烤派对那天你没在，我几乎觉得这样最好，因为那天人少、很私密，而且他们俩黏黏糊糊的。我不知道你会不会觉得自在。我觉得没让你亲眼看到那一幕，反而算是帮了你。哦。所有人都知道他（斯科特）还爱着考特妮，这不是秘密。但这次绝对是我见过的考特妮最幸福的样子。我知道特拉维斯和考特妮有多相爱，而且——
That has to be hard for anyone to process especially when everything's so public I think maybe she's uncomfortable and doesn't know what to say because I know she does Love you and want to not have this uncomfortableness. You know, I always had her friends or our family or you know in my ear kind of like Don't worry, honey. Like Eventually you guys will figure it out and you'll get back together one day. Yeah So my foot was always halfway in the door. It was a huge adjustment losing Courtney Romantically, but now it's becoming a huge adjustment losing her as kind of a best friend now We're really just more of co-parenters. I would say it's probably one of the more difficult things Listen, I at the end of the day, I understand what the bigger picture is. What would be best for Courtney? She's happy. She's in a real thing and I believe that's true because I also felt like I Did so much wrong to her over so many years that felt guilty I felt super guilty and I always felt like if she ever needed me for any reason whatsoever I'd be there to make it up to her because of how bad I was for so long Courtney has all right To despise me and the way I treated her because it was horrible. Like that wouldn't go on today For a day, but it went on for years Do you mind if I talk about this with Courtney or would you rather me stay out of it? No, stay in it. All I need is just to be acknowledged, right? Oh, do I even mean anything to anyone?
中：这对任何人来说都很难消化，尤其是这一切还那么公开。我觉得她（考特妮）可能是不自在，不知道该说什么，因为我知道她确实爱你，只是不想这么尴尬。你知道，以前总有她的朋友、或者我们的家人，在我耳边说：别担心，亲爱的，你们迟早会和好的，总有一天你们会复合的。是啊。所以我的脚一直半踩在门里。失去考特妮的爱情对我来说是个巨大的调整，但现在，失去她这个「最好的朋友」身份，又成了另一个巨大的调整。现在我们更像是共同抚养孩子的搭档。我大概会说，这是最难的事之一。听着，说到底，我懂大局是什么：什么对考特妮最好？她幸福，她在一段真感情里，而且我相信这是真的。因为我一直觉得，这么多年我亏欠她太多了，我心里有愧，非常愧疚。我一直觉得，只要她有任何需要，不管什么原因，我都会在，弥补我对她的伤害，因为我对她太糟糕了那么久。考特妮完全有权利鄙视我，鄙视我对她的方式，因为那真的很糟糕。那种事放在今天一天都忍不了，可它却持续了那么多年。你介意我跟考特妮聊聊这件事吗？还是你希望我别掺和？不，你就掺和吧。我只需要被看见、被承认，对吗？哦，我对任何人来说，到底还算不算回事？
Hi you guys. Hi
中：嗨，你们好。嗨。
No kissing You should write your mom's new bike
中：不许亲亲。你应该骑骑你妈妈的新自行车。
I love going to Travis's studio It is like a happy place for him. We ride bikes and we play ping-pong. It feels like home I'm stealing some of your juice, baby. I don't think you're gonna like it I like that you think you know if I'm gonna like it or not. I was definitely always attracted to Travis I just think it was the right time in my life I had taken like a year to myself But my closest best runs have always said you have to hook up with Travis. Okay We would almost like play house because we would do things together with our kids We would go to museums and go to church and last year during the pandemic We were texting and so I just put it out there like flirtatious conversation
中：我超爱去特拉维斯的工作室。那里对他来说就像个乐园。我们骑自行车，打乒乓球，感觉像家一样。我要偷喝一点你的果汁了，宝贝。我觉得你不会喜欢的。我喜欢你觉得你了解我会不会喜欢。我一直都对特拉维斯很有感觉，只是觉得那时候正好是人生中合适的时机。我给自己留了一年的时间，但我最亲近的好朋友一直说：你必须跟特拉维斯在一起。好吧。我们俩几乎就像在玩过家家，因为我们会带着各自的孩子一起做事，去博物馆、去教堂。去年疫情期间，我们开始互发短信，然后我就把话挑明了，说了些调情的话。
You've been practicing, baby Finally, I think once I made it known He asked me to watch a movie and the whole movie he didn't make a move Went in for the first kiss me. I did He was taking a long time the movie was over and then I was like we started another movie And I was like I don't have time for this like movie marathon. So I made the first move You just do whatever you want and then I'll do whatever I want
中：你练过了呀，宝贝。终于，我觉得一旦我把话说开了，他就约我去看电影。整场电影他都没动静。第一个吻……我主动的。对，是我。他拖了太久，电影都放完了，然后我们又开了一部。我就想，我可没时间陪你搞什么电影马拉松。所以我就主动出击了。你想干嘛就干嘛，然后我再干我想干的。
No a drum battle, I would never want to drum battle you
中：不，打鼓对决？我才不想跟你打鼓对决呢。
Watching him play the drums watching him on stage watching him though even with my daughter And how amazing he is with her the way he speaks to her is so special
中：看他打鼓，看他在舞台上，看他和我女儿相处，他对她有多好，他跟女儿说话的方式那么特别。
She's a drummer baby Travis and I talk about a future all the time
中：她是个小鼓手，宝贝。特拉维斯和我经常聊未来。
The second we Fell in love. I think we knew how different it was for many thing Either of us have ever had before and so I think that you know, we absolutely see a future together I'm always a drummer. I said I'm gonna use your mom as a drum one day. Yeah
中：我们相爱的那一刻，我觉得我们就知道这段感情有多特别，和我们之前经历过的都不一样。所以我觉得，我们绝对能看到共同的未来。我一直是鼓手。我说过，总有一天我要拿你妈妈当鼓来敲。是啊。
Record it
中：录下来。
Actually, that's what I thought would make the loudest noise
中：其实，我就是觉得那样能弄出最大的动静。
Amazing is this all for SNL? Yeah
中：太棒了。这些都是为 SNL 准备的吗？是啊。
So I'm still really bothered about what I saw on my son's iPad I just want to get to the bottom of where this is coming from and what's happening And I've been calling everyone from Roblox and my attorney's been on it So I'm just gonna let them handle it and go into this fitting and try to focus on SNL right now Oh, I feel like they need to know who my musical guest is ASAP and Kanye's out of town How would you feel if he was your musical guest? He obviously would be the best. Yeah, but
中：所以我还是很在意我在儿子 iPad 上看到的东西。我只想搞清楚这是哪来的，到底怎么回事。我给 Roblox 那边打了电话，我的律师也在处理。所以我打算让他们去处理，我自己先来做试装，专心准备 SNL。哦，我觉得他们得尽快知道我的音乐嘉宾是谁，而坎耶正好在外地。如果他当你的音乐嘉宾，你觉得怎么样？他显然会是最佳人选。是啊，但是——
Maybe this is my chance to do something on my own You know, I don't know like it could either be super calming It would be so cool for the kids to see like mom and dad on SNL together. That's like so cool
中：也许这是我靠自己做成点什么事的机会。你知道，我不知道，这可能会让我非常镇定。让孩子们看到爸爸妈妈一起上 SNL，那也太酷了，超级酷。
But then like I might be more stressed out like, you know the more people you know that are there Like I might just be like, oh my god Do you want to try this on? Yeah, let's do it. Okay, so I say we try this this and this Okay, who's coming from your family? I'll make my mom be a part of it. Oh, you will She'll be the skit. I was like how funny would it be if in all the skits? It was like Courtney and Travis in the background making out the whole time because that's really all they do anyway I wrote my whole family and I'm like you guys know when it's safe I'm gonna throw you all under the bus. Do you know what you want to say in the monologue? No, I want to say hi
中：但那样我可能会压力更大，你知道，现场认识的人越多……我可能会直接：哦，我的天。你想试试这件吗？好啊，来。好，我觉得我们试试这件、这件还有这件。好，你家里谁会来？我会让我妈妈参与进来。哦，是吗？她来演小品。我在想，要是所有小品里，考特妮和特拉维斯都在背景里一直亲热，那得多好笑，因为反正他们平时也就干这个。我给我全家都写了，我说：你们知道吧，等时机成熟，我会把你们全都拉出来当笑料。你想好开场独白要说什么了吗？没有，我就想说：嗨，大家好——
Everyone's forced me to be here
中：所有人都是被逼着来看我的。
Listen, I'm the underdog Everyone just thinks I'm like a dits a girl from Will and Grace came out and said that She has no idea why I would be chosen as a host, but it's like why do you care? I don't comment to tear people down especially another female like that's what you think dude then like
中：听着，我是黑马。所有人都觉得我就是个傻白甜。有个《威尔与格蕾丝》的女演员公开说，她完全不明白我为什么会被选为主持人。但我就想说：关你什么事？我不会去评论别人、贬低别人，尤其是另一个女性。你要是真这么想，老兄，那就——
Cool, let's tune in Like the long tassels might freak me out, you know if I'm like hi I use my hands a lot and I'll feel like an octopus I want this to be like a moment where people are like, oh, wow Like she was funny. You're nervous. I am nervous. Listen to this. I just got this voice note Oh my god, you're hosting us and oh my god. Are you dying? Are you dying? Are you dying?
中：行，那就等着看节目吧。比如那些长长的流苏可能会让我抓狂，你知道，我要是说「嗨」，我说话手部动作很多，会感觉自己像只章鱼。我希望这能成为一个让大家「哇」的时刻，比如「她居然挺好笑」。你很紧张。我确实紧张。你听听这个，我刚收到一条语音。天哪，你要主持我们了！我的天！你是不是紧张死了？紧张死了？紧张死了？
Who is that? Oh my god. Oh my god
中：那是谁？我的天，我的天。
Chrissy Teigen, but I'm just like yeah, I'm dying. I'm dying now. You're freaking me out even more You're freaking me out actually even more Everyone's like blowing me up like oh my god. I've never gotten more text and I'm like, okay I'm glad that you're like happy I really do want to surprise people and I hope that I can bring it I'm literally called like Amy Schumer and I was like, oh my god. I'm posting SNL She's like, I'll help you write some jokes for your monologue. And I was like, I love having really funny friends Kim Kardashian on SNL. It's like crazy. It's gonna be so epic and fun and historical You'll never forget this. It'll be the coolest moment of your life. This will be live live
中：是克莉丝·泰根。但我就是：是啊，我快死了，我现在快死了。你这么说我更慌了，真的，你让我更慌了。所有人都疯狂给我发消息：天哪，我从来没收到过这么多短信。我就想：好吧，我很高兴你们为我开心。我真的很想给大家惊喜，希望我能撑住。我还真的给艾米·舒默打了电话，我说：天哪，我要主持 SNL 了！她说：我可以帮你写一些开场独白的段子。我就想：我真爱这些超有趣的朋友。金·卡戴珊上 SNL，太疯狂了。这一定会超级史诗、超级好玩、超级历史性。你永远不会忘记这一刻。这会是你人生中最酷的时刻。这会是直播，直播！
Well, hello there. Hey, you look good. Thank you. So do you Tristan and I currently are Not Exactly together. He's one of my best friends. What's going on much? I see Tristan a couple times a week He's a really hands-on dad and me and Tristan don't have tension. We get along really really well And so it's just easy to co-parent with him. Yeah, no, so good. See them at the barbecue, you know, it was nice, right? Yeah, and Kylie looks so good. I didn't know she was like popping popping the baby's cooking in there. Like I see it I know she's that far along. I know if Tristan had his
中：哦，你好呀。嘿，你看起来不错。谢谢，你也是。特里斯坦和我现在并没有正式在一起。他是我最好的朋友之一。最近怎么样？我一周见特里斯坦几次，他是个非常尽责的爸爸。我和特里斯坦之间没有火药味，我们相处得特别好，所以跟他一起抚养孩子很轻松。是啊，那挺好的。烧烤派对见到他们了，你知道，挺好的，对吧？是啊。凯莉看起来状态真好。我都不知道她肚子那么明显了，宝宝在里边发育呢。我看得出来，我知道她已经那么久了。我知道，要是让特里斯坦说了算——
Way, I guess then we would completely be together. I just need a little breathing room and time to think I know you're going to be heading to Saxon and You know something that I know
中：——那我们现在可能就完全复合了。我只是需要一点喘息的空间和时间来思考。我知道你接下来要去「萨克斯」（萨克拉门托？）。你知道有件事我明白——
Means a lot. I think to the both of us is the therapy aspect I noticed such a big difference in you when you are on top of your game and you know pun intended and you Just stay on I think your personal
中：——对我们俩都很重要，就是心理治疗这件事。我发现当你在状态上的时候（你知道，双关语），你整个人差别特别大。只要你能保持住，我觉得你个人的——
Health like well-being whether that be mind-body soul I think it's put great for both of us especially because We have a lot of room to grow regardless of us being friends or wherever we stand I think we both grow together. It just makes our family in our bond just better
中：——健康，就是那种身心健康，无论是思想、身体还是灵魂。我觉得这对我们俩都特别好，尤其是因为我们还有很多成长空间。不管我们是朋友还是什么关系，我觉得我们是一起成长的，这只会让我们这个家和我们的羁绊变得更好。
Tristan is very determined on us getting back together. He Goes to therapy quite often a couple times a week and we now even do Couples therapy together. I say couples, but it's really his therapy that I'm asked to join I think I just call it couples therapy because I don't know what else you would call it, you know, it's always Such a weird gray area because we are such great friends. Yeah, and I think that's so confusing to Outside people because I know how to be a monster to you if I want to which but you never have been which I respect
中：特里斯坦非常想让我们复合。他经常去做心理治疗，一周好几次，现在我们甚至一起做「伴侣治疗」。我说伴侣，但其实那是他的治疗，只是我被叫去参加。我觉得我之所以叫它伴侣治疗，是因为我不知道还能怎么称呼它。你知道，这总是一片很奇怪的灰色地带，因为我们是非常好的朋友。是啊，我觉得这让外人很困惑。因为我知道，如果我想，我可以对你像个混蛋……但你从来没有过，这一点我很尊重。
And I appreciate that Okay, I mean it's not like you've ever burned my clothes or like
中：而且我很感激。好，我是说，你又没烧过我的衣服，或者——
Slashed my cars No, I have thrown water on all your clothes if I was it when I was nine months pregnant
中：划烂我的车。没有，但我往你所有衣服上泼过水，当时我怀孕九个月了。
Water and if you if I wasn't pregnant, I would have you up. So I just didn't want to break my nails before delivery
中：泼水。要是当时我没怀孕，我肯定把你揍一顿。我只是不想在生孩子前把指甲弄断。
Shout out to the nails. Yeah, for sure. Yeah, but let's let's listen listen. It's it's 2021. Okay. We can't be talking about 20
中：给指甲点个赞。是啊，必须的。不过咱们听我说，听我说，现在是 2021 年了，好吗？我们不能一直聊 20——
18 Every day he tries to show me and prove to me that he is a different person and that I should have faith and trust him But him and I have been through so much together that I have a lot of reservations I have my guards are up I'm always kind of like this and Tristan just wants to bear hug me and it's just I don't know I'm still kind of like this. You know how I feel about you and You know, you know, I want to you know, get us back together and build our family and hopefully be able to Expand our family one day God willing. I think it is an avenue where you or we get to hear each other differently Mm-hmm because we've definitely had these conversations. There's definitely been mistakes So, of course that weren't taken seriously or they weren't really listened to I don't think someone was there to kind of hold You accountable It's a lot of strain on a relationship. Yeah, trust takes time. I understand what I'm saying I didn't say trust comes after a session trust takes time
中：——18 年了。他每天都在努力向我证明，他已经是个不一样的人了，我应该有信心、信任他。但他和我一起经历了太多，我心里有很多保留，我的防线一直竖着，我总是一副防御的姿态。而特里斯坦只想给我一个大大的拥抱，我只是……我不知道，我还是会这样。你知道我对你的感情，你知道，我想让我们复合，重建我们的家庭，希望有一天能扩大家庭，如果上帝愿意的话。我觉得这是一个渠道，让你或我们能以不同的方式听到彼此。嗯哼，因为我们确实谈过这些，确实犯过错，当然，有些错误没被认真对待，或者根本没被真正听到。我觉得当时没有人能让你对行为负责。这对关系来说压力很大。是啊，信任需要时间。我明白你的意思。我没说一次治疗之后就有信任了，信任需要时间。
We're not gonna have time Chris to do like that full ponytail for us now
中：克丽丝，我们现在没时间做那种全马尾造型了。
Right, yeah, it's gonna have to you don't ask me now. Oh, right. You did it with J. Lo, too Did you do all of Jennifer's wakes when you guys did it? Yeah, or did this show do it? Oh, no, they made the wakes They may be that will I'll go over and they'll do a head measure. Is there time for like blokes? It would literally be like we go we go. I could make one and then just put it on like there'll be that much time
中：对，是啊，只能这样了。你现在别问我。哦，对，你跟 J.Lo 也做过。你们做的时候，詹妮弗的所有发型都是你做的吗？是啊，还是节目组做的？哦不，发型是他们做的。也许……我过去之后他们会量一下头围。有时间做那种假发片吗？真的就是……我们走，我们走，我可以先做一个，然后直接戴上，时间就那么点。
There's certain things in preparation that people are telling me to do that are making me way more nervous I ran into Pete Davidson at the Met and I was like I am so scared. I don't know what I signed up for and he's like Can you read cue cards? You're good. You're good like and I was like I can read You know oh Scott wants to come and Jonathan wants to come I think Scott's fine because Courtney and Travis aren't coming. Yeah, so that'll be nice So Courtney can't come as long as I have my mom and my besties and Chloe like I'm good And of course I wanted to invite Scott. I love Scott
中：准备过程中，有些人让我做的一些事反而让我更紧张了。我在 Met Gala 碰到了皮特·戴维森，我说：我好害怕，我不知道自己签了个什么活儿。他说：你会看提词卡吗？那你没问题，你没问题的。我就说：我会读。你知道，哦，斯科特想来，乔纳森也想来看。我觉得斯科特来没问题，因为考特妮和特拉维斯不来。是啊，那挺好的。所以考特妮来不了。只要有我妈妈、我的闺蜜们和克洛伊在，我就没问题。而且我当然想邀请斯科特，我爱斯科特。
He's always welcome. He's always family and I'm happy that he's coming to support But I probably wouldn't invite Scott if Courtney was coming without Travis. I think that would just be weird so soon Well, like what are you guys thinking for hair for when she walks out to do her monologue? The first look should obviously be the most because the rest of the time it's like we go on we go off It's just kind of rough. Are you literally gonna have to be there like quickly? We'll throw up in this and then someone does literally grabs it
中：他随时都欢迎，他永远是家人，我很高兴他能来支持我。但如果是考特妮来而特拉维斯不来，我可能就不会邀请斯科特了，我觉得那样太快了会很尴尬。那你们觉得她走出去做开场独白的时候，发型应该怎么做？第一个造型显然应该最隆重，因为其他时间我们就是上场、下场，会比较匆忙。你真的得全程守在那里吗？很快的那种？我们会快速套上这个，然后有人直接抓住它——
No, like seconds like they literally are pushing. It's like you're in a wheelchair
中：不，就几秒钟，他们真的是在推着你，就像你坐在轮椅上一样。
Like it's crazy your head's gonna be spinning and then you wait with talking They change it you have to edit your stuff to be really calm and go out be like hey guys Next up Sarah Silverman was like what if you're like, okay? I'm gonna ask some questions to the audience and then I got you, you know It's really conning in disguise, but you know it's him. He does. So do you believe in second chances?
中：超级疯狂，你的脑袋会一直转个不停，然后你一边说话一边等他们换造型。你得把自己调整得非常冷静，然后走出去：嘿，大家好。接下来——莎拉·西尔弗曼说：如果你……好，我打算问观众一些问题，然后我就懂了。你知道，这其实是变相地坑人，但你知道那是他，他就是那样。那你相信第二次机会吗？
We're laughing just think yeah Dave tells him to do it
中：我们都在笑，想想吧，是啊，Dave 让他做的。
Funny it's funny. Yeah, like that's that's all I need. I don't
中：好笑，这确实好笑。对，我只需要这个。我不——
Yeah, but what they were like, can you sing nope? Can you dance nope? Can you act? Can you do accents? Nope? Like I don't know what I'm gonna do Babe, you made a really successful TV show in Greer out being you so I think it'd be fun
中：对，但他们问：你会唱歌吗？不会。会跳舞吗？不会。会演戏吗？会模仿口音吗？不会。我真的不知道自己要干嘛。宝贝，你靠做自己就做出了一档超成功的电视节目，所以我觉得会很好玩的。
Are you gonna kill it?
中：你会惊艳全场的，对吧？
Hey judge, I do have a bone to pick with you
中：嘿，法官大人，我确实有笔账要跟你算。
Right into it just about scams one thing so you know I you guys make fun of me for having a bigger
中：直接进入正题，就一件事。你知道，你们总是嘲笑我——
vagina than lost I'm wearing I I'm telling her about a bone. I have to pick with her. You know the bodysuit one It's like the one that there's ruching here. So I'm wearing it right now and it's amazing But it's a sliver. Is it supposed to just cover my clip?
中：——我那里比较大。我现在穿着的这件，我要跟她算账的就是这个。你知道那款连体衣吗？就是这里带褶皱的那款。我现在就穿着它，它很棒，但就是一条细布。它是不是只打算遮住我的……
The vagina needs a little more fabric. Yeah, a little wider. Okay, and for all you little bitches. Why does it matter totally? Big plus Big plus club the width wise is what she's talking about like you don't want it your vagina hanging out of the sides of the skims
中：——那地方需要多点布料。对，再宽一点。好。还有，对所有你们这些小婊砸：这有什么关系！当然有关系！大码俱乐部，她说的就是宽度问题。你总不想你的那个部位从斯肯斯（Skims）两边露出来吧。
You look fab I was like screaming Kanye and his stylist cuz I said the clothes have to be at my house at 11 o'clock and by 12 30 I'm like I'm leaving I'm going out the door and now I look like I'm in the matrix I just want the outfits like lined up in my room Monday Tuesday. I'm a robot. I will like operate as such is someone gonna do that for you Well, it's Kanye. He says he wants to quit Everything and just dedicate his life to being your stylist my stylist Oh, I think he should still maybe do a little music a little the Dita's designing and then he can do that on the side You know Kanye and I remain friends Kanye's always dressed me He's always styled me in the early 2000s He would literally just send me random emails with all these looks and what my style should be only where Crop tops and pencil skirts right now or it's all about a boot with like a skirt And he'll send me like so many reference pictures. So that's always really been our thing But there's also a side of me that wants total independence, too
中：你看起来太美了。我当时冲着坎耶和他的造型师大喊大叫，因为我说衣服必须在 11 点送到我家，结果到 12 点半，我说我要走了，我要出门了，结果现在我穿得像个《黑客帝国》里的。我只想把衣服在我房间里排好，周一、周二……我是机器人，我就会像机器人一样运作。会有人帮你做这些吗？是坎耶。他说他想放弃一切，把一生都用来当你的造型师。我的造型师？哦，我觉得他还是应该稍微做点音乐，做点设计，然后把这件事当副业。你知道，坎耶和我还是朋友。坎耶一直帮我穿搭，从 2000 年代初就一直帮我做造型。他以前真的会给我发一些随机的邮件，全是这些造型，告诉我我的风格应该是什么。以前只穿露脐上衣和铅笔裙，现在是靴子配裙子，他会给我发好多参考图。所以这一直是我们之间的事。但我内心也有一个部分想要完全的独立。
Thank you I'm gonna get a grilled artichoke. She scared me with a side of mayonnaise and the skinny onion rings I'm gonna get an impossible burger and sweet potato fries may I please get the iceberg lettuce wedge as well But all chopped can I add tomato to it? And can I add egg and ranch dressing?
中：谢谢。我要一份烤洋蓟，配蛋黄酱，还有细洋葱圈。我要一个不可能汉堡和红薯条。请问还能给我来一份冰球生菜块吗？但全部切碎，能加番茄吗？还能加鸡蛋和牧场酱吗？
May I get that please chopped as well? She just knows what she's always get that too Shut up. Are you we are foodies? That's why we work out the way we do because we'll order everything and we scarf it down and we pray for forgiveness later It's horrible. Oh, what's a blueberry patch? Oh cocktails. I thought it was a blueberry pie Fat ass. No, I'm gonna talk about me. I'm talking about Kim. I was kidding. Thank you Is that from the fountain like the Diet Coke? No, it's from here. Oh
中：我的那份也请切碎，谢谢。她就是知道……她也总是点那个。闭嘴。我们是吃货吗？我们之所以那样健身，就是因为我们会把什么都点一遍，狼吞虎咽，然后事后祈祷原谅。太糟糕了。哦，蓝莓派是什么？哦，鸡尾酒啊。我还以为是蓝莓派呢。胖妞。不，我要说的是我。我在说金。我开玩笑的。谢谢。那个是无糖可乐那种饮料机里接的吗？不，是这边的。哦。
Don't stick with my iced tea. I love a good fountain soda, so
中：别碰我的冰茶。我就爱喝饮料机现接的汽水，所以——
So, you know Scott and I spoke about how he wasn't invited to the barbecue. Oh my god What did he say? He was actually so incredibly receptive and he was so calm Because I said Scott honestly We did you a favor by not inviting you because it was so intimate like you don't want to sit there and be Exposed to like you and Travis making out So he asked me about it and said do you not want me at this barbecue? And I was like, you know your actions need to like a match up with like you wanting to be a part of this Than act like it. I was in Italy and he was deeming Eunice
中：所以，你知道我跟斯科特聊了聊他没被邀请去烧烤派对的事。我的天，他说什么？他居然特别通情达理，特别平静。因为我说：斯科特，说实话，没邀请你反而是帮了你，因为那天太私密了，你总不想坐在那儿眼睁睁看着你和特拉维斯亲热吧。所以他问我：你是不是不想让我去那个烧烤派对？我就说：你知道，你的行为得跟你想要融入这个家相匹配，而不是嘴上说说。我当时在意大利，他在给伊妮丝发私信。
Well, you brought that up and then I was like that's not really the vibe Don't go deeming my ex-boyfriend when I was in Italy with Travis on our summer vacation I woke up to a text from Scott saying I'm so sorry. I Dm'd your ex-boyfriend who I can't stand He sent me a screenshot of it and said he posted it on his story. He was asking if he could like apologize
中：好吧，你提起这件事，然后我就说：这不太合适吧。我跟特拉维斯在意大利度暑假的时候，你跑去给我前男友发私信？我醒来就收到斯科特的短信，说：对不起，我给你的前男友发了私信，那个我受不了的家伙。他给我发了一张截图，说他把它发到了他的快拍上。他问能不能道个歉——
To Travis. Yeah, that's nice. And then I wrote him. This is you didn't tell any of it. I said, this is just Pickable. I was like you pulled out the big word. Yeah for so many years Scott's always gotten away with bad behavior and still been invited and I don't think that's gonna continue
中：——向特拉维斯道歉。是啊，那挺好的。然后我给他回了消息。你完全没提到这些。我说：这真的很「可耻」。你居然用了这么高级的词。是啊，这么多年来，斯科特总是能逃脱他的烂行为，还是照样被邀请。我觉得这种事不会继续下去了。
It could be me or Kim if court's too uncomfortable to say something. I don't mind doing it, but I give up what now Why do we have to call so every time we're doing anything having a seven-person barbecue? We have to say no me kissing the love of my life is Not anything bad you can own I'm not I'm just saying is not anything Like I don't want it to be taken negatively and so like hell But it's gonna be taken negatively to someone that's not getting their way So you can't let that affect you, but I'm just no I don't and I will continue to live my life and pretend No one's watching
中：如果考特妮不方便开口，那可以是我或者金来说。我不介意去做这件事。但我放弃……什么？为什么我们每次做任何事都得开个电话会议？办个七个人的烧烤派对，我们还得说「不」？不，我亲吻我一生挚爱不是什么坏事。你可以……我不是，我只是说那不是坏事。我不想让它被往负面理解。但它肯定会被某个不如意的人往负面理解。所以你不能让那影响你。但我只是……不，我不会，我会继续过我自己的生活，假装没人看着。
Kim Wow, what it all beyond
中：金！哇，这也太过分了。
It always smells so good in here doesn't it
中：这里总是闻起来这么香，对吧？
Why am I always talking to myself cuz you're old awesome I
中：为什么我总是自言自语？因为你老了。真棒。我——
Did 15 minute glam to you look so beautiful. You look so cute. Thank you Look how cute I look you do look cute mom. You aren't the cutest so what's going on here? Is this a little SNL packing? Yes
中：我做了 15 分钟速成造型，你看起来太美了。你看起来真可爱。谢谢。看我多可爱。妈妈你确实可爱。你最可爱了。所以这里在干嘛？这是在为 SNL 收拾行李吗？是的。
Hold on Marty calling Hi, I saw it. Can I catch you in with Tracy and I'm here with my mom Sure, and you're on speaker and we're filming my show and I'm with my sisters I mean, I just have so much to do this week SNL's coming up already stressed out about that and then my lawyer calls about the threats that there's more footage from The sex tape that's been out there Our legal rights are that she could sue anyone who releases the tape if even if it exists They don't have a legal right to release the tape without her consent. What tape? So Ray J's manager is claiming he has a sex tape of us in Santa Barbara This all started earlier at the barbecue
中：等等，马蒂打电话来了。嗨，我看到了。能跟你说几句吗？特雷西……我和我妈妈在一起。当然。你开的是免提，我们正在拍我的节目，我和我姐妹们在一起。我是说，这周我事情太多了，SNL 马上要来了，我已经为那个焦头烂额了，然后我的律师又打电话来说有人威胁说有更多性爱录像带的未公开片段要流出。我们的法律权利是——她可以起诉任何泄露录像带的人，就算它真的存在。未经她同意，他们没有法律权利发布录像带。什么录像带？所以雷·J 的经纪人声称他有一段我们在圣巴巴拉拍的性爱录像带。这一切都是从烧烤派对那会儿开始的——
It was clickbait Insinuating that if you click on it there was gonna be a new sex tape coming out Had my son been a little bit older and been able to read like I would have been mortified, but I
中：——那是个标题党，暗示你点进去就会看到新的性爱录像带流出。要是我儿子再大一点、能看懂字，我真的会羞愧死，但我——
died inside Marty I am 99.9%
中：——内心已经死了。马蒂，我有 99.9% 的把握——
Sure that no other tape exists. This is supposed to be unreleased footage. I really don't know what they have For 20 years, this has been held over my head of this mistake or is it a mistake? It was my boyfriend, you know of years we go on a trip. We film a video It's embarrassing for that to be out there, but it's not the most scandalous thing and I'm not gonna be made to feel that way
中：——确定不存在其他录像带。他们说的据称是未公开的片段。我真的不知道他们手里有什么。20 年来，这件事一直压在我头上。这是个错误吗？那算错误吗？那是我当时的男朋友，我们在一起多年，去旅行，录了个视频。它被曝光确实很尴尬，但它不是什么惊天丑闻，我也不会让别人让我觉得它是。
I'm just human Didn't we deal with this the first season of keeping up? This is a good omen you guys What's a good omen talking about your sex tape in the first season I feel like we're back to day one. Oh my god. How I miss a good. Oh, so what do we do Marty Marty?
中：我只是个普通人。我们第一季《与卡戴珊一家同行》不是也处理过这事吗？这是个好兆头，伙计们。第一季就聊你的性爱录像带，这算什么好兆头？我感觉我们又回到了第一天。天哪，我好怀念……哦。那我们怎么办？马蒂？马蒂？
I mean, I I'm 99% sure but the fact that these people keep saying they have a tape What if I was sleeping and he's stuck a dildo on my ass? I don't know
中：我是说，我有 99% 的把握，但这些人口口声声说他们有录像带。万一我当时睡着了，他把一个假阳具塞我屁股上呢？我不知道。
I don't remember anything it's completely illegal have Marty scared the shit out of this guy
中：我什么都不记得了。这完全是违法的。让马蒂把这家伙吓个半死。
I'll sue for nominal damages the message is more important than the dollars at this point the message You're not doing anything wrong. You're protecting yourself and your reputation for your children's sake Yeah, and I'm not doing anything wrong. I'm protecting myself for my reputation and my children's sake
中：我会以象征性赔偿起诉他们。到这一步，传递的信息比钱更重要。这个信息就是——你没有做错任何事。你是在保护自己和自己的名誉，为了你的孩子。对，我没有做错任何事。我是在保护我自己、我的名誉，为了我的孩子们。
Yeah, they're gonna post this like soon. We got to move fast and start calling. Let me call. Okay. Let me call you back Let me just call Kanye really quick It's okay
中：是啊，他们可能很快就会发出来。我们得抓紧，开始打电话。让我来打。好，我回头打给你。我先快速给坎耶打个电话。没事的。
It's okay, it's not okay though. It's not you know on roblox
中：没事的。不过其实并不是没事。你知道，在 Roblox 上——
You know say it was on roblox yesterday And they popped up and he started laughing. It was like mommy look and it was a picture of my cry face And it was a game that someone made of roblox
中：你知道，昨天在 Roblox 上，它弹了出来，然后他开始笑，说：妈妈快看！那是一张我哭的照片，是有人在 Roblox 上做的一个游戏。
And it said Kim's new sex tape when you clicked on it. Thank God he can't read yet And it's like over my dead body is this shit gonna happen to me again. I just want it gone You know, this is not gonna fuck with me
中：点进去上面写着「金的新性爱录像带」。谢天谢地他还不会读。这种事要是再发生在我身上，除非我死了。我只想让它消失。你知道，这破事别想再搞我心态。
Like it's not So I just want it gone. I am a mama bear. These are my children This is my whole life and it's really hard to see my kids go through stuff like this when people are always Trying to attack. It's just annoying You know like I almost died when like saint thought it was funny The one thing that got me kind of just like more calm about it was when I was crying Kanye was like listen You have the power nothing will cancel you stop worrying about the public perception like you know who you are
中：它搞不到我。所以我只想让它消失。我是护崽的母熊，这些是我的孩子，这是我的一生。看到我的孩子们经历这种事真的很难受，总是有人想攻击。太烦了。你知道吗，圣看到这个觉得好笑的时候，我差点当场去世。唯一让我稍微冷静一点的事是，我哭的时候，坎耶说：听着，你有力量，没人能封杀你，别担心公众的看法，你知道自己是谁。
Okay, wait, this is this is them calling about this thing. Let me call you right back. Okay. Bye Okay, so here's the thing Marty get something drafted and so that it can be taken down immediately I don't want it to be copied. I have four kids. I can't go through this again. This was like 20 years ago I'm not gonna go through this again. I know the right attorneys this time. I know exactly what to do this time I'm not gonna let this happen to me again So we're gonna get on top of this I have all the time all the money and all of the resources To burn them all to the ground
中：好，等等，是他们打电话来谈这件事了。我回头打给你。好，拜拜。好，事情是这样的，马蒂，拟一份法律文件，让他们立刻下架。我不想让它被传播。我有四个孩子，我不能再经历一次这种事。那是 20 年前的事了，我不会再经历一次。这次我认识对的律师，这次我知道该怎么做。我不会让这种事再发生在我身上。所以我们要把这件事扼杀在摇篮里。我有的是时间、有的是钱、有的是资源，我要把他们全都烧成灰。
This season on the Kardashians
中：本季《卡戴珊家族》——
I'm excited for this new chapter for people to see
中：我很激动，想让人们看到这新的一章。
I am Kim Kardashian West and I'm hosting SNL this week. Did Pete Davidson enjoy your performance? I don't know. Where's big my Glock? I don't know who that is Our lives are so hectic and busy. What a good problem to have two sisters But then are supposed to have the same cover for American bugs no matter what with how big our family is We always have an emergency
中：我是金·卡戴珊·韦斯特，这周我要主持 SNL。皮特·戴维森喜欢你的表演吗？我不知道。我的格洛克去哪儿了？我不知道那是谁。我们的生活就是这么忙乱。多好的烦恼啊。两姐妹居然要上同一期《美国周刊》封面？不管怎样，我们家人这么多，总会有紧急状况。
Oh shit
中：哦，靠。
Travis and I want to have a baby
中：特拉维斯和我想要个宝宝。
No spit no spit
中：不吐口水！不吐口水！
One of the biggest things in her life is about to happen and Courtney has no idea Do you have like sympathy for Scott? Yeah, cuz it doesn't feel like you do. Could you imagine if I singled you out? The only person that I cared about I deliberately didn't invite but Scott. I'm saying sorry
中：她人生中最重大的事之一即将发生，而考特妮毫不知情。你对斯科特有什么同情心吗？有啊，因为你看起来不像有的样子。你能想象如果我单独把你拎出来吗？我在乎的唯一的一个人，我故意没邀请——不是斯科特。我是在说「对不起」。
This is so ridiculous
中：这也太荒唐了。
This many times we always have something super important honey blue one last night. I want to show you guys what he got me. Oh
中：这么多次了，我们总是有特别重要的事。亲爱的，昨天……（听不清）昨晚。我想给你们看看他送了我什么。哦——
My god, it'll never stop. Did you see what I sent you?
中：我的天，永远没个完。你看到我发给你的东西了吗？
He's been lying to you. He did a full declaration
中：他一直在骗你。他做了一份完整的声明。