The Kardashians, how are you and yay walked out on SNL mid monologue, so I haven't talked to him since no way You guys it's happening
中：卡戴珊家族，你好呀！天哪，他在《周六夜现场》说脱口秀说到一半直接走人了，从那以后我就没跟他讲过话。不会吧！各位，真的来了！
They're on their way, so we all have to be quiet Do you have like sympathy for Scott? Yeah, cuz it doesn't feel like you do I
中：他们已经在路上了，所以我们都得安静点。你对斯科特还有同情心吗？有啊，因为你看起来可不像有。
Just don't want to be pushed out of family affairs, and you won't and none of us want to lose that either This month has been insane SNL Courtney and Travis got engaged I'm dealing with some stuff with Kanye, but today is my birthday I am 41 today, and the only thing on my mind is taking the baby bar, and it's coming up any minute
中：我只是不想被排挤出家族的事务，你不会的，我们谁也不想失去这份联结。这个月简直疯了：SNL、考特妮和特拉维斯订婚了，我这边还在处理坎耶的事。不过今天是我生日，我 41 岁了，而我脑子里唯一的念头就是考「小律师资格考」，考试随时就要开始了。
This is my last chance to take this test, and if I don't pass and my whole law school journey is over
中：这是我最后一次机会考这个试，要是考不过，我整个法学院之路就到此为止了。
Last year I took the bar right after my birthday, but like I went on a full birthday trip like I Made that a priority this year. I really don't give a shit like a birthday party is not important to me Like I cannot be worried about a party. I don't want to see people. I just need to study
中：去年我生日一过就考了律师考，但我当时跑去搞了一趟完整的生日旅行。今年我拿考试当第一优先。我根本不在乎什么生日派对，对我来说派对一点都不重要。我没办法分心去操心派对的事，我不想见人，我就想学习。
Kim did not want a birthday party this year because of the bar, but of course in our family We like to celebrate. Hey, let's go hurry out the door. I'm her mom. Of course. We're gonna do something
中：金今年因为考试不想要生日派对，但当然啦，我们这家人就爱庆祝。嘿，走啦，快点出门。我是她妈，我们肯定得搞点什么。
Okay, hurry
中：好啦，快点！
You're ruining the surprise. I love you, but you're ruining. Let's go. Do you want to go here?
中：你要把惊喜搞砸了！我爱你，但你真的在搞砸。走啦。你想来这儿吗？
Honestly couldn't be more happy like it really warmed my soul that my whole family's here and all my best friends are here
中：说真的，我再开心不过了，全家人都在这儿，我最好的朋友也都在，真的暖到我心窝里了。
And my favorite Armenian food carousel is here I've been going to carousel with my dad since I was a little girl You know, you've made it when Madonna text you
中：还有我最爱的亚美尼亚美食旋转餐台也来了。我从小女孩的时候就跟我爸去那家旋转餐台吃饭。你知道吗，麦当娜给你发短信的时候，就说明你成功了。
Hey birthday girl Love and good wishes. Not sure where you are, but I hope you're doing something fun today. Love you I'm I'm so happy that Kim is able to take a break from studying and now she gets to be surrounded by all of her besties And it's so healthy for her. It's the best. Do you remember Chloe and Kim drove Kim's car out And we had like a college party and it was that it was called a
中：嘿，寿星女！爱你，祝你一切顺利。不知道你在哪儿，但希望你今天玩得开心。爱你。我好开心金终于能从学习里喘口气，现在她被所有闺蜜包围着。这对她太健康了，简直完美。你还记得克洛伊和金开着金的车出去，我们搞了个大学派对，名字好像叫……
And there was this guy there that I had a crush on he was like the hottest like like a plastic Ken Barbie doll He definitely does not have big energy like this is we have
中：派对上有个我暗恋的家伙，他超帅，就像个塑料的肯娃娃、芭比娃娃。他绝对没有那种「大能量」，这就是我们……
What's the difference between BDE and BBE
中：BDE 和 BBE 有什么区别啊？
This is supposed to Energy and then big ball energy
中：这个应该是「大屌能量」（Big Dick Energy），然后这个是「大蛋蛋能量」（Big Ball Energy）。
I don't want BBE I'll take BD all day long. What the ball's gonna do for me
中：我才不要 BBE，我全天候都要 BD。蛋蛋能帮我干啥？
Yeah, of your tiny penis you need these big balls That's more to five
中：是啊，你小鸡鸡的话就需要大蛋蛋来撑场面，这样才更……嗯。
So big energy is like you're just like cocky and confident because you have like a big who doesn't like confidence, you know
中：所以「大能量」就是那种拽拽的、自信满满的状态，因为你有个大的嘛。谁不喜欢自信的人呢，对吧？
They all lose their hair and they don't look the same and they have a pot belly
中：他们都会掉头发，看起来判若两人，还顶着个啤酒肚。
All right guys, I love you all, but I'm kicking you out because I have Just study. I've got one shot to do this test one last shot And if I'm partying then I'm gonna mess it up. So I just need to focus
中：好啦各位，我爱你们，但我得把你们赶走了，因为我得……去学习。这个考试我就一次机会，最后一搏。要是我还在嗨，肯定得搞砸。所以我必须专注。
I'm the boss
中：我说了算！
Hello, hey, hey court, you look cute. Thank you
中：哈喽。嘿，嘿，考特，你今天好可爱。谢谢。
So I'm very comfortable I cannot get that
中：所以我非常自在，我完全做不到那样。
My gosh, can you believe that you're engaged? Where's the ring? It's I'm covering it because it's actually
中：我的天，你敢信你已经订婚了吗？戒指呢？我把它藏起来了，因为它其实……
Getting fixed why what happened? This is probably one of the worst things I've ever done in my whole life by the way
中：正在修。为什么？出什么事了？顺便说，这可能是我这辈子干过最糟的事之一。
I was sitting on my floor folding Sweat shirts Yeah, and I took the ring off and I put it next to me on the floor like thinking it would be safe right next to me And I get to the punchline So then I had to get something up above in my closet and when I stepped down I stepped on the ring
中：我坐在地板上叠卫衣，然后我把戒指摘下来放在我旁边的地上，心想就放身边肯定安全。结果重点来了——我后来要拿衣橱上面高处的东西，踩下来的时候，一脚踩在戒指上了。
You broke your engagement ring hysterically crying in my closet for like no hours and then I called Travis I was like I did something really really bad
中：你把自己的订婚戒指踩坏了？！我在衣橱里歇斯底里地哭了好几个小时，然后我打电话给特拉维斯，我说「我干了件特别特别糟糕的事」。
And he handled it the best but
中：而他处理得超好，但是……
Breakdown to give me a nervous and I was just like this is the most beautiful thing that I've ever had in my life And how so pretty done that Travis picked it out. He designed it He looked at so many stones and that this was like me and a stone And so I thought that that was really special Did I tell you the story of how he came over he goes Do you want to know the real reason why I moved to Calabasas? He said because I knew she lived in Calabasas, and I knew she was the love of my life And I didn't even know her like that But I just knew if I couldn't date her be with her because she was with someone else that at least I could live by her I've never met a better human in my life like the thoughtfulness and just everything Was just like such an amazing moment. Oh
中：我整个人崩溃到快神经衰弱了，我就想，这是我人生中拥有过最美的东西。而且你知道吗，特拉维斯亲自挑的石头，亲自设计的。他看了好多好多颗钻石，就觉得这一颗「就是我」。我觉得这真的太特别了。我跟你讲过他是怎么搬来的吗？他说：「你想知道我搬去卡拉巴萨斯真正的理由吗？」他说因为他知道她住在卡拉巴萨斯，他知道她是他一生的挚爱。那时候我甚至还不怎么认识他，但他就觉得，如果没法跟她约会、没法跟她在一起——因为她当时跟别人在一起——那至少他可以住在她旁边。我这辈子从没见过比他更好的人，那种体贴和一切的一切，那一刻真的太美好了。噢！
So now that you're engaged Do you think it might be time for you to have like a real Sit-down with Scott and just sort of know that I need to really Yeah, maybe just I mean have you talked to him at all since the engagement. We talk about the kids all the time Oh, but he didn't say congratulations. No, he said a congrats He said this is not the easiest for me, and I just
中：那现在你订婚了，你觉得是不是该跟斯科特好好坐下来谈一次？就是那种……我知道我确实需要。是啊，也许就是……我是说，订婚之后你跟他聊过吗？我们老聊孩子的事。哦，但他没说恭喜？不，他说了恭喜。他说「这对我来说挺不容易的」，然后我就……
At the end of the day I want you to be happy and you know congrats on the engagement. That's nice. Mm-hmm
中：说到底，我希望你幸福，然后……你知道的，恭喜你订婚。他人还挺好。嗯哼。
I don't really think that me getting engaged is like about Scott like
中：我真的不觉得我订婚这件事跟斯科特有什么关系。
Undeniably my life is going in a different direction. I feel like I am living like a fairy tale
中：不可否认，我的人生正走向一个不同的方向。我感觉自己就像活在童话里。
Making like new memories and new moments, and I don't necessarily want Scott at all of them We all want the best for you. We love that you're this happy and we love Travis But for Scott it just wasn't meant to be you know, but he woes me of course No, I know but I'm just telling you from somebody else's perspective All that really matters at the end of the day is the love that you show for the kids and they feel like there's not one parent Pitted against the other
中：我在创造新的回忆、新的瞬间，而这些时刻我未必都希望斯科特在场。我们都希望你好，我们很开心你这么幸福，我们也爱特拉维斯。但对斯科特来说，就是没缘分，你懂吗？当然，他当然还是黏着我。不，我知道，我只是从别人的视角跟你说。说到底真正重要的是你对孩子们的爱，要让他们觉得爸妈没有互相敌视、被拿来比较。
Cheers cheers to you
中：干杯！为你干杯！
Today is the day that I'm taking the bar and it is do or die Okay, we're gonna say a prayer. Okay dear heavenly father We just ask that you put your angels around Kim today let her have confidence and
中：今天就是我考律师考的日子，成败在此一举。好，我们来祷告。亲爱的天父，我们祈求你今天派天使围绕在金身边，让她有自信，还有……
Guidance and every single thing she's learned Please bring that to the front of her mind today so that she answers each and every question so easily in Jesus name We pray amen. Amen. This law school is so much work. Why are you putting yourself through all this? I think it started off as me just feeling like I wanted to know more and me wanting to Be able to help more but then it kind of was proving something to me personally and no one's ever really respected You know a reality star with the sex tape and I've always had to like break through this stigma and like I want to prove this to myself that I can do it and And ultimately a huge like you to everybody too that thought that I
中：指引她，让她今天能把学过的一切都调动起来，轻轻松松答对每一道题。奉耶稣的名祷告，阿门。阿门。读法学院也太辛苦了，你为什么要这么折腾自己？我想最开始只是我觉得自己想多学点东西、想能帮到更多人，但后来就变成了向自己证明一些东西。你知道的，一个拍过性爱录像带的真人秀明星，从来没人真正尊重过。我一直都得冲破这种污名，我想向自己证明我能做到，而且最终也要给所有觉得我……的人一个大大的「服不服」。
Can't grow or move beyond where I was I
中：觉得我没法成长、没法超越过去那个我的人。
Know all of those I
中：我懂，所有这些我都懂。
Gotta say what really trips me out is I didn't know any of this last time so you're probably so prepared
中：要我说，最让我震惊的是，上次考试我什么都不知道，所以你现在肯定准备得超充分。
All right, I love you I'm gonna take my whatever this is to go Okay, all right Good luck. I love you. Thank you. You're gonna be amazing
中：好啦，我爱你，我要把这个不管是什么的东西带着走了。好，行。祝你好运，我爱你。谢谢。你一定会超棒的。
Thank you
中：谢谢。
I feel good I feel prepared and I'm just gonna be really positive. I feel good
中：我感觉很好，我觉得自己准备好了，我就保持超级积极的心态。我感觉很好。
I have no other option. This is game
中：我别无选择，这就是背水一战。
How was the bar I just don't know anymore like I'll be humiliated if I don't pass at this point And then can't you can't take it again? No, so if you didn't pass it's just that's it Whenever I'm talking to Travis, he's like you should have been an attorney and I'm like I was going to I had no idea You were gonna go to law school. Like that's crazy
中：考得怎么样？我现在真的心里没底，到了这个份上要是没过，我就太丢人了。那……不能再考一次吗？不能，所以要是没过，那就真的完了。每次我跟特拉维斯聊天，他都说「你本该当律师的」，我就说「我本来就打算当啊」。我都不知道你居然要去读法学院，也太疯狂了吧。
Also, I think about all these things that I went through and then I feel like you go through them after me Totally. It's like I don't know. No, not about good not even about
中：还有，我总在想我经历过的那些事，然后我觉得你都是在我之后才经历的。完全没错。就是……我也不知道。不，不是关于好的方面，甚至不是关于……
I copy your styling guys now. No, but I'm just saying like I know Chloe's like, I don't know if I'm ready for single kid Why I don't know why what is single Kim? Who knows but like how's everything going with Kanye?
中：我现在连造型都在抄你的，伙计。不，我只是说，我知道克洛伊说「我不知道我准备好当单亲妈妈没有」。为什么？我不知道为什么。什么是「单身金」？谁知道呢。不过话说回来，你跟坎耶的事怎么样了？
He did an interview last night saying that like
中：他昨晚接受了个采访，说……
Got me To say that I divorced him when I divorced him. You have to know it came down to just one thing his personality I came prepared with my monologue and that really like upset him Hmm, and I showed him the monologue, but he says he never read it Like he just didn't read the text and you know Kanye had a hard time with what I said SNL making my wife say I divorced him on TV because they just wanted to get that bar off and I never even seen the papers We never even divorced. Hmm. He's not final. Yeah, and so he's like I haven't signed the divorce papers
中：他说是我逼着我在 SNL 上说他跟我离婚的。你得知道，这一切归根结底就一个原因——他的性格。我带着写好的脱口秀稿子去的，这真的让他很不爽。嗯。我把稿子给他看了，但他说他根本没读过。他就是没看那条消息。你知道，坎耶对我说的那些话很难接受。SNL 逼我老婆在电视上说我跟她离婚了，因为他们就是想蹭那波热度，我压根没见过那些文件，我们根本没离婚。嗯。还没正式离。对，所以他就说「我还没签离婚协议」。
Well, what's he waiting for? I don't know. I ask him all the time. He says he will he says he you know And then he's like, well, I don't want to divorce so I'm not gonna sign him I'm always super protective of Kanye and not sharing a lot of the negative things that have happened Just because you know, he's not here doing the show Also, if I do something on a reality show then it's like how dare she talk about it And then he can do a song and but that's so creative and expressive and you know it's always like two different sides are being expressed two different ways and One is respected and one's not. I'm very sure now. Yeah, I
中：那他还在等什么？我不知道，我一直在问他。他说他会签，他说……你懂的。然后他又说：「我不想离婚，所以我不签。」我一直很保护坎耶，很多发生的负面的事我都不怎么说，因为你知道，他又不在这儿录节目。而且如果我在真人秀里说了什么，大家就会说「她怎么敢说这些」，然后他可以写首歌，大家就说「哇好有创意、好有表达力」。你知道的，永远是同一件事的两面，用两种方式表达，一种被尊重，另一种不被尊重。我现在非常确定了。是啊。
Knew it had to be done when I filed because I just knew it wasn't the right situation for me And now I feel super good, but I think you're like who am I now? I'm like, yeah, you're right I got to a point where I was just like I would ask him for advice for everything down to what I wear even now I'm having like panic attacks like Do what do I wear? You know finally like in New York? I will say like he styled me all for SNL then for the Wall Street Journal magazine I won the innovator award for skims and I was like, how do I wear something that hasn't been pre vetted first? Yeah, it was like psychologically nervous so nervous. Are you like is this a bad outfit? Oh, and then he called me afterwards. He told me my career is over and then he showed me a picture of March Simpson wearing some things
中：我提交离婚申请的时候就知道这一步必须走，因为我清楚那不是适合我的处境。现在我感觉超级好，但我觉得你会想：「那我现在是谁？」我说：「对，你说得对。」我到了那种地步——什么事都要问他意见，连穿什么都问。到现在我还会恐慌发作，心想：「我该穿什么？」你懂吗，尤其是在纽约的时候。我要说，SNL 从头到脚都是他给我搭的，还有《华尔街日报》杂志那次。我拿斯肯斯的创新奖的时候，我心里想：「我怎么能穿一件没被他事先审核过的衣服？」对，就是那种心理性的紧张，超级紧张。你会想：「这身打扮是不是很糟？」哦，然后他事后打电话给我，跟我说我的事业完了，还给我看了一张玛氏·辛普森穿着某件衣服的照片。
These are Dior these are so cute. I didn't even know they were Dior
中：这些是迪奥的，也太可爱了吧。我都不知道它们是迪奥的。
They are I am in Miami with my friend. Hey Hello
中：是迪奥。我跟朋友在迈阿密呢。嘿！哈喽！
Hey, we are on our way to see some friends and we're just gonna get some nice IV bags It's just for we consider a really fun day
中：嘿，我们正打算去见几个朋友，顺便去打几袋营养点滴。这在我们看来就是超开心的一天。
I've been a hypochondriac my whole life literally since I could remember I've been a hypochondriac and so I am obsessed with health right now It's like my number one priority I'd say to the point where like I'm like eating myself alive thinking about my health
中：我一辈子都是个疑病症患者，真的，从我记事起就是。所以我现在对健康超级上心，可以说这是我人生第一优先级，甚至到了整天胡思乱想、把自己折磨得不行、满脑子都是健康问题的地步。
I did have COVID I wasn't like really that sick. I'd say I got pretty lucky. Is this yours? I
中：我确实得过新冠，但当时没觉得多严重，我觉得自己挺幸运的。这是你的吗？
Did though have a really I'd say my recovery was harder than my COVID which was really weird to me I don't know what's wrong with me and I talked to a doctor the other day and they said that Post COVID sometimes you can have like heightened cortisol. I guess and like that's probably my cortisol levels probably haven't evened out yet Yeah, it's definitely very strange. I'm what two months out now and I still don't feel good I just feel weird. Can we put extra C in your IV just because of the COVID? Yeah, okay
中：但我恢复的过程真的很难，我觉得恢复期比得新冠本身还难受，这让我觉得很奇怪。我不知道自己怎么了。前几天我跟一个医生聊了，他们说新冠后有时皮质醇会偏高，我猜可能我的皮质醇水平还没恢复正常吧。是啊，确实非常奇怪。我现在都康复两个月了，还是觉得不舒服，就是觉得怪怪的。能在你的点滴里多加一点维C吗？就因为我们得过新冠？好呀，行。
Things like this they comfort me they help because it just makes me happy and I don't want anyone to judge me Do you think that doing like NAD?
中：这种事能安慰我、对我有帮助，因为它就是让我开心，我也不想任何人评判我。你觉得连着做 NAD 点滴……
Multiple days in a row is fine. It wouldn't be harmful But at a certain point you kind of saturate your receptors and I feel like we're just yeah really big on our health journey for sure So it makes for a great friendship. I'm gonna NAD for the rest of my life, and I'm never gonna age
中：连着打好几天没问题吗？不会有伤害的，但到一定程度受体就饱和了。我觉得我们俩真的很看重健康之路，百分百。所以我们的友谊才会这么好。我这辈子都要打 NAD，我永远不会老！
Hey dog
中：嘿，老兄！
For the price of one I know we love a discount
中：买一送一的价格。我知道，我们最爱的就是折扣。
Thank you We haven't been here since keeping up with the Kardashians. Do you even know what the show is called? Kardashians, I think we were gonna call it logistics But then you felt like you don't invite me to have the shit you do anymore. Anyway, so why call it the districts I Invite you to the lunch for my birthday
中：谢谢。自从《与卡戴珊一家同行》之后我们都没来过这儿了。你知道这新节目叫什么名字吗？《卡戴珊家族》。我本来想叫它「后勤部」（Logistics）的，但后来……你感觉我不再叫你一起干那些破事了。总之，为什么叫「行政区」（The Districts）？我生日午餐邀请你了呀！
This is our birthday lunch. Yeah, did you bring a gift?
中：这就是我们的生日午餐？是啊。你带礼物了吗？
This is not your birthday lunch Yeah, it is You're lying We're gonna go to a diner for your birthday. Exactly. Okay. This is not a proper place You would go to celebrate one's birthday not especially not your glamorous ass
中：这不是你的生日午餐！不，就是。你骗人！我们是要去一家小餐馆给你过生日的。没错。好吧。这儿可不是个适合庆祝生日的地方，尤其配不上你这位光彩照人的大美人。
What's going on any birthday party?
中：怎么回事？有生日派对吗？
Not really a birthday party no grandkids, but a few of my kids are gonna come over they haven't seen the house at all
中：算不上生日派对，没有孙子孙女们，不过我有几个孩子要过来，他们还没看过这房子呢。
Yeah party well like dinner we're gonna have dinner
中：对，就算个聚会吧，就是……晚餐，我们要吃个晚餐。
What on Friday? Nobody told me Didn't Well, I don't know I feel like I'm cheating on Courtney Why if I if I tell you because I would love for you to come over. Why would I not come over? You told me I was your blood-related son and my parents died. I
中：什么？周五？没人告诉我啊。没……呃，我不知道。我觉得自己像在背叛考特妮。为什么？如果我……如果我跟你说，因为我超希望你能来。我怎么会不来？你跟我说过我是你的亲儿子，我的爸妈都去世了。
Still feel the same way. You obviously don't I
中：我到现在还是这么觉得的。你显然不是这么想的。
Love my children unconditionally and I fall in love with their partners through the years I mean the first day we ever shot our show as a family Scott was there So I think when stuff like this happens It hurts all of us if you want to come hang out come hang out and it isn't something where I really have invited anybody to a party I mean, there's you're doing something you're like embarrassed to keep it from I'm not doing anything Not a balloon your house to having a dinner. Well, and your dinners are like catered. Mindy. Weiss is probably there I was probably like your belly barking. Oh No, I Don't know how Chris is trying to push this past me as not a ploy I mean first it starts as it's a house tour. Is there a chef
中：我无条件地爱我的孩子们，这些年我也爱上了他们的伴侣。我是说，我们全家第一次拍节目那天，斯科特就在场。所以我觉得这种事发生的时候，我们所有人都难过。你想来就来坐坐，这真的不是我邀请谁去参加什么派对的事。我是说，你……你在搞什么活动，还不好意思告诉我？我什么都没搞。不是，你家从没气球，到要办晚餐。而且你的晚餐都是外包宴席的，明迪·韦斯八成都在场。我大概还……你的肚子在咕咕叫吧。哦，不是。我不知道克丽丝怎么能把这套糊弄过去，说这不是一场局。我是说，一开始说是参观房子，然后……有厨师吗？
Kind of what kind of food? No, boo. Yeah, it's ridiculous So it's a catered no boo with a chef then it turns into a catered meal by one of the fanciest restaurants in the world
中：有厨师？什么菜？没有，宝贝。对，太荒谬了。所以先是「外包宴席」——不，宝贝，是有厨师——然后就变成了全世界最豪华的餐厅之一来外包晚宴。
All of a sudden it was a walk-through of my house. Well, that's basically what it is and a meal This sounds like the Oscars And you're trying to take me to lunch at Maria's for a chop salad What am I chopped liver with you and Travis are cool then we're fine
中：突然之间就变成了「参观我家」。好吧，基本上就是参观加一顿饭。这听起来像奥斯卡颁奖礼！而你想带我去玛丽亚餐厅吃个切碎沙拉当午餐？那我算什么，被无视的小透明吗？你跟特拉维斯关系好，那我们就没事了。
For me to hear that you are having a little soiree and you don't think to invite me makes me feel like complete shit To be honest. I love you but like well, I love you too. I would feel Courtney met her soulmate That's gotta be hard for Scott to absorb But I never expected him to be so angry and wound up over this. He just needs to grow up and be a little more mature
中：说真的，让我听说你办了个小聚会却压根没想到邀请我，这让我觉得自己像个彻头彻尾的傻逼。我爱你，但是……好吧，我也爱你。我觉得考特妮遇到了她的灵魂伴侣，这对斯科特来说一定很难接受。但我没想到他会为这件事这么生气、这么激动。他就是需要长大一点，更成熟一点。
It's now. It's like tainted. I'd rather just take you out to dinner to be honest I don't want to go to someplace. I'm not wanted you're always want I'm not could you imagine if I singled you out Like it's just me. I don't I'm not I don't have a mean bone in my you do
中：现在这事已经被玷污了。说真的，我宁愿单独请你出去吃顿饭。我不想跑去一个不受欢迎的地方。你总是受欢迎的。我没有。你能想象如果我单独把你拎出来说吗？就像只有我。我没有，我没有，我身上没有一根刻薄的骨头。你有！
Wow that's shady
中：哇，这话真损。
Do you like this for because I have Paris's wedding then I have
中：你觉得这件怎么样？因为我要去巴黎的婚礼，然后我还有……
Simon and Phil's rehearsal dinner and then I have the right I'm like contemplating
中：西蒙和菲尔的彩排晚宴，然后我还有……对的，我正在琢磨。
Wearing like There's no rules I think that fashion has always been something that I've always been really into but I've never been like the creative. How would I do my hair?
中：穿什么好呢。没什么规则可言。我觉得时尚一直是我特别着迷的东西，但我从来不是那个有创意的人。我发型要怎么弄？
I definitely see what I like, but I've never really been like the visionary
中：我绝对知道自己喜欢什么，但我从来不是那种有远见的设计师型人物。
Kanye would come in and be like, oh, you should do your hair like this. Oh, you should do your makeup like this That's his love language is closed. And so I always just trust it in him But it's not just about clothes. That was like the last thing we had really in common
中：以前坎耶会走进来说：「哦，你头发应该这样弄。」「哦，你妆应该这样化。」那是他的爱的表达方式，非常封闭自我的那种。所以我总是完全信任他。但这不只是衣服的事，衣服差不多是我们最后真正有共同点的事了。
I'm trying to figure out like who am I in the fashion world or who am I by myself I was always like the Kardashians with my sisters and then I was like Kim. Yeah, like who is Kim? Okay, that is the jump. How do I get there without Kanye? When I filed for divorce, it's been like 10 months now and I am finally
中：我在努力弄清楚，在时尚界我是谁，或者说，独自一人的我是谁。以前我跟姐姐妹妹们在一起，我们是「卡戴珊家族」，然后我是「金」。对，那「金」是谁？好，这就是那道坎。没有坎耶，我怎么跨过去？我提交离婚到现在差不多十个月了，我终于……
Just like stepping out being like I can do this
中：终于迈出这一步，对自己说：我可以做到。
What a nice bag
中：好漂亮的包啊。
Decent yes You're worried I would have still came in Just to pick up some clothes, you know Scott always makes me laugh and always just I think will give me confidence I just want to me. I need some kind of moral support
中：还行吧？对。你还担心我不来？我本来还是会过来的，就是来拿几件衣服。你知道的，斯科特总能逗我笑，而且我觉得他总能给我信心。我只是想……我需要一点精神支持。
So do you want you want me to like kind of give my speech to you guys do it after SNL You could do anything. I know but I feel like after SNL the pressure is mountain Yeah, so I think I'll say something along the lines of like I love a gay wedding like
中：所以你想让我……要不要我给你们预演一下我的致辞？放在 SNL 之后？你什么都能干。我知道，但我觉得 SNL 之后压力山大。是啊，所以我大概会说类似「我爱同志婚礼」这种话。
And just feel like I haven't been once since my second wedding
中：而且我觉得，自从我第二次婚礼以来，我都没参加过（同志婚礼）了。
I did my happy face I get it and I love it But this is a big deal for me because this is like my first event where I'm not using my stylist and the whole team and the whole thing This is all it's gonna be you. Yeah, but I mean look at how well you've done with skins I mean, you know, you're doing not a dress
中：我做了个开心的表情。我懂，而且我很喜欢。但这对我是个大事，因为这是我第一次出席活动不靠造型师和整个团队，全靠我自己。对，全靠你。但你看你把斯肯斯做得有多好。我是说，你穿的又不是一件裙子……
Like it's my one insecurity. I'm excited. I feel you're gonna go back to more like of you But I don't know what that is. I'll tell you right now. What but ass type of Sony dress
中：这是我唯一的不自信点。我很兴奋。我觉得你会回归更像「你自己」的风格，但我不知道那是什么。我现在就告诉你。什么？就是那种大屁股型的紧身裙。
Some big ass heels with that big ass hanging out
中：配上大高跟，然后把大屁股露出来。
It's so crazy to me that Kim would ever ever think or be insecure about her looks because She's maybe the most famous person in the world for being the most beautiful person in the world So kind of cool to know that everybody has their own insecurity sometimes by the end of the day Nobody really does it better than you know, what can you're a changed woman? I respect
中：对我来说太不可思议了，金居然会对自己的外表不自信，因为她是全世界最有名的人，就因为她是全世界最美的人。所以知道每个人都有自己不自信的地方，还挺酷的。说到底，没人比你做得更好。你知道吗？你是个脱胎换骨的女人，我respect（佩服）。
People are gonna like you they're gonna like you for who you are not what you wear. I'm just kidding Obviously
中：大家会喜欢你的，他们会喜欢「你是谁」，而不是「你穿什么」。开玩笑的，显而易见的。
This is such a big week for me we're shooting promos today for our new show I'm finally moving into my new house and it's my birthday
中：这周对我来说太重要了：今天我们在拍新节目的宣传片，我终于要搬进新家了，而且今天还是我生日。
Hi Hi What's going on? I was so sick last night. I was like No, I was gonna die and then today. I was like, oh I'm gonna listen how to cold. Oh great. Well Okay, I'll just stay away from you for the rest of the day So I say this real fast because I'm not gonna be in the same room with you for more than 10 minutes I have lunch with Scott because he's feeling really left out lately and it's making me feel really bad. I
中：嗨！嗨！怎么了？我昨晚病得特别厉害，我都觉得我要死了。然后今天，我就想……哦，我得听听感冒的事。哦，那太好了。好吧，那我今天剩下的时间离你远点。所以我快速说，因为我不会跟你待在同一个房间超过十分钟。我跟斯科特吃了午饭，因为他最近觉得自己被排挤了，这让我心里特别难受。
Want nothing more than to see my daughter happy, but I also love Scott very much And we want Travis to feel really comfortable and to feel welcome. So
中：我最大的心愿就是看到我女儿幸福，但我也非常爱斯科特。我们希望特拉维斯感到自在、感到被欢迎。所以……
It's always some drama, isn't it I just wondered how you felt about him coming to my birthday dinner tonight
中：永远都有点戏剧性，是吧？我只是想知道，你对他今晚来我的生日晚餐有什么看法？
Whatever you want for your birthday, I want it to be like the way that you envision your birthday I feel like I'm cheating on Scott or I'm cheating on Travis like I don't want to make Travis feel away and I don't want Scott to be sad I know Travis is like a really authentic person and just wants to feel like he can be affectionate with me I just want to protect our energy. I think that's the only the only thing I think whatever you want for your birthday, like we want you to have the best birthday Well, I'm gonna take that answer while I've got it. Okay, and skedaddle and I hope you feel better
中：你的生日你想怎样就怎样，我希望它就像你设想的那样。我感觉自己像在背叛斯科特，又像在背叛特拉维斯。我不想让特拉维斯觉得被冷落，也不想让斯科特难过。我知道特拉维斯是个非常真诚的人，他只是想能对我表达亲密。我只是想保护我们的氛围，我觉得这是唯一……唯一的事。我觉得你的生日你想怎样就怎样，我们都希望你过最棒的生日。好，那我趁你还没改口赶紧把这个答案收下。好啦，我溜了，希望你快点好起来。
Open some windows circulate some air because it's like that this feels like hot air balloon. It's about to explode
中：开开窗户，通通风，因为这感觉像个热气球，马上就要爆了。
It's my birthday Mine it's my day and I just gave myself the ultimate birthday present Which is a new house and I can't wait to see everybody tonight and have a wonderful time
中：是我生日！是我的日子！我刚刚送了自己一份终极生日礼物——一栋新房子。我等不及今晚见到大家，好好享受一番了。
So pretty you think guys We love it. Mr. Romance. Oh my god, it was so beautiful. Thank you so much my mom's house is Incredible. I know it's everything. She's dreamed of
中：好漂亮，你们觉得呢？我们超爱！浪漫先生。我的天，太美了，太谢谢你了。我妈妈这房子简直不可思议。我知道，这就是她梦寐以求的一切。
It's a real Tiffany Lou that I got myself for my birthday. Yeah, so This is the theater so good this with this screensaver to is like breathtaking
中：这是我买给自己的真·蒂芙尼灯，就当生日礼物。对，所以……这是影音室，配上这个屏保，简直美到令人窒息。
This is my Piano room bar and I have a chocolate covered and they have leechy martinis Love you, Jim. I love that. It's really infused with her personality. Look at this
中：这是我的钢琴房酒吧，还有巧克力裹的……他们还有荔枝马提尼。爱你，金！我喜欢这个。这里真的充满了她的个性。你看这个！
My god, isn't it great Chris? I know it's my dream. I
中：我的天，是不是很棒，克丽丝？我知道，这就是我的梦想。
Have goosebumps everywhere
中：我浑身起鸡皮疙瘩。
This is out of this world. What a birthday. I know happy birthday the table the ruffles the little martini table living in Kris Jenner world is just
中：这简直超凡脱俗。多棒的生日啊。我知道。生日快乐！这张餐桌、这些荷叶边、这个小马提尼桌……活在克丽丝·詹纳的世界里就是……
Fabulousness like being surrounded by like opulence and a dirty martini in a crystal glass covered in diamonds and always made up and in these gowns and candlelight and dinner China and Fabulous shit everywhere. It's like sensory. Oh, you gotta go see the refrigerator. Oh, I saw it I'm so happy for you and I'm so proud of you about flying and how you just Like you're good again. Like you just that's a huge thing that you overcame. Yeah, I told her she transformed me I'm like I've never even considered it before
中：极致的华丽！被奢华包围，水晶杯里的脏马提尼、镶满钻石、永远妆容精致、永远穿着礼服、烛光晚餐、精致瓷器，到处都是美到不行的玩意儿。简直是感官盛宴。哦，你得去看看那个冰箱。哦，我看到了！我真为你高兴，也为你骄傲，关于飞行的事，还有你就像……你又好了，就像你重新活过来了。那是你克服的一大难关。是啊，我告诉她她改变了我，我说我以前从来没想过这件事。
There's Scott
中：斯科特来了。
Nice and homie Wait, I want to give you a present
中：真不错，兄弟。等等，我想送你一份礼物。
I'd like you to open in front of me too because it's a very
中：我希望你也当着我的面打开，因为这是一份非常……
Hey guys
中：嘿，各位！
To be in the same room together is not a bad thing. It's a great first step for everyone and It will take time to really figure out like what makes sense
中：能待在同一个房间不是坏事，对每个人来说都是很棒的第一步。要真正搞清楚怎样才算合理，还需要时间。
Congratulations, brother. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you. I've seen you. Oh, I haven't seen you both. Thank you
中：恭喜，兄弟。谢谢。谢谢大家，谢谢。我见过你了。哦，我还没见过你们俩呢。谢谢。
it's so awkward for The other siblings involved we don't know what to do We're all just trying to be respectful to each other's new lives It's like we're always just ignoring this elephant in the room. It's bizarre And I don't know why we're all tiptoeing around something. That's not even our relationship to tiptoe around
中：对其他在场的兄弟姐妹来说这太尴尬了，我们不知道该怎么办。我们都在努力尊重彼此的新生活。就好像我们一直在无视房间里的大象，太诡异了。而且我不明白为什么我们都在小心翼翼地绕着某个话题走，那又不是我们的感情关系，轮不到我们小心翼翼。
I'm exhausted just trying to explain this to everyone and I'm
中：光是跟大家解释这件事我就已经精疲力尽了，我还……
Busy
中：忙着呢。
Leave me alone. That's a big smile. Does this name rhyme with feet? I
中：别烦我。那是个大大的微笑。这个名字跟「feet（脚）」押韵吗？
Look at all the comments
中：看看这些评论。
Truly the sweetest human being on the planet
中：真的是这个星球上最贴心的人。
I'll tell you guys later. Okay
中：我晚点再告诉你们。好。
We're gonna sit down and get started with some appetizers My favorite thing in the world is to be with my family as time goes by I realize I really want to spend more time with My kids whenever I can we're all so busy so crazy and the days go by so fast So this to me is heaven
中：我们坐下先吃点开胃菜。这世上我最爱的事就是跟家人在一起。随着时间流逝，我越来越意识到，只要有机会，我就想多陪陪我的孩子们。我们都太忙、太疯狂，日子过得太快了。所以对我来说，这就是天堂。
Travis and Courtney are making me out. Oh, look at them. Wait. Look look at them. Oh, no
中：特拉维斯和考特妮在亲热呢。哦，你看他们！等等，看，快看他们！哦，不要！
This is like real life you guys
中：这就是真实人生啊，各位。
Oh, this couldn't be more awkward
中：哦，没有比这更尴尬的了。
Yeah, I know we were holding back that I do know like if we weren't like just fully going for it
中：是啊，我知道我们一直在克制。我确实知道，如果我们不是……就是完全放开的话。
I didn't know that anyone was looking at us. Okay. Yeah, Scott. Yeah, sit right here next to claw sure
中：我不知道有人在看我们。好啦。对，斯科特。对，就坐这儿，挨着克洛伊旁边。行。
She found someone I'm happy for her. She's got a man that loves her and she deserves it because There were so many years that I didn't put her first
中：她找到了对的人，我为她高兴。她有一个爱她的男人，她值得这一切，因为有很多年，我都没把她放在第一位。
This is makes me happy this year all my favorite people Yeah, you're one of my favorite well people
中：这让我很开心。今年，我所有最喜欢的人都在。对，你也是我最喜欢的人之一……好吧，人。
Oh, we got a toast coming on what?
中：哦，有人要敬酒了！什么？
I'm normally not allowed to give speeches, but I just wanted to say happy birthday to my
中：平时我是不被允许发言的，但我就是想祝我的……
Beautiful mom you literally are the reason why we are all here
中：美丽的妈妈生日快乐。你真的就是我们所有人今天能在这里的原因。
You are the reason for everything you were the queen of all queens and we're all so grateful to have you in our lives We love you. We're all so happy that like this is your home
中：你是一切的缘由，你是所有女王中的女王。我们都很感激生命中有你。我们爱你，我们都很开心这是你的家。
We're so happy that we are all together we love you and we hope you have the best birthday
中：我们很开心能聚在一起，我们爱你，希望你有最棒的生日。
Thank you guys I love you
中：谢谢你们，我爱你们。
Love these little trips that we do. I'm just sad I'm missing my mom's birthday But I'll be back to give her a nice birthday hug in a couple days
中：我爱我们这些小旅行。我只是很难过错过了我妈妈的生日，不过过两天我就会回去，给她一个温暖的生日拥抱。
Hey, hi
中：嘿，嗨。
How are you doing? I'm good. I was just calling to see how your birthday was. Oh my god We had so much fun. What was the vibes? Was was everyone there Scott came shut up? Yeah, Scott. Wait. How was that Travis together? Well, it was gonna have to happen at some point anyways. Do you know what I mean? And it's good to just like break the ice I guess
中：你怎么样？我挺好的，我就是打电话来问问你生日过得怎么样。我的天，我们玩得太开心了！气氛怎么样？大家都去了吗？斯科特来了？不会吧！对，斯科特来了。等等，那特拉维斯跟他在一起是什么场面？呃，反正早晚都得有这一遭，你懂我的意思吧？而且我觉得打破僵局也挺好的。
Exactly that's exactly how I felt and Scott was okay and stuff. He was great. Okay, good I love Scott. I mean I've known him since I was a baby since I was a kid since they first started dating Since before our show started I've known Scott so Scott is is my brother like we're basically blood at this point And so it would be very weird if he wasn't a part of our family And I don't think there's ever gonna be a day where he's not a part of our family in some capacity I give a lot of props to Travis too because Travis treated him so nicely It's a great night. I Travis is a great guy. So that's awesome. Yeah, he's the best the best Mmm. All right. Well, I love you
中：没错，我正是这么想的。斯科特表现还行，他挺好的。好，那就好。我爱斯科特，我是说，我从小婴儿起就认识他了，从他们刚开始约会起，从我们节目开播前就认识他了。所以斯科特就是我的兄弟，到这份上我们基本上算有血缘关系了。所以如果他不再是家里的一员，那才奇怪。而且我觉得永远不会有一天他不以某种身份留在这个家里。我也很佩服特拉维斯，因为特拉维斯对他特别好。这是个美好的夜晚。特拉维斯是个很好的人，太棒了。是啊，他是最好的，最好的。嗯。好啦，我爱你。
Thank you so much. Oh my god, so how is your house? Same the amount of that happens over there. They put doors on my whole closet But on my closet my master closet. They put doors. No, they didn't and I was yesterday I go, what are all these doors when I was walking around I am so excited for my house to be done I'm so excited to move in I have daydreams about Living next door to my mom and I get to just walk on over and join her little cocktail hour and just like my mom lives the life Tristan, how's your daughter's father doing? Tristan is great. He's in Sacramento. Oh my gosh I guess someone hit him in a game the other day and he like severed his tongue and had to get all these stitches on his tongue
中：太谢谢了。我的天，那你的房子怎么样了？那边发生了好多事。他们给我的整个衣帽间都装了门，但我的衣帽间——我的主卧衣帽间，他们装了门。不是吧，他们居然装了门。我昨天还在说，我走来走去的时候心想：「这些门都是干嘛的？」我超期待房子完工，超期待搬进去。我天天幻想住在妈妈隔壁，直接走过去参加她的小鸡尾酒时光。我妈过的就是这种日子。特里斯坦，你女儿她爸怎么样了？特里斯坦很好，他在萨克拉门托。我的天，我猜前几天比赛里有人撞到他了，他的舌头几乎被撞裂了，舌头上缝了好多针。
Severed is an extreme. Yeah. I it wasn't that extreme I say severed because it was the most disgusting stitches in the tongue is a gross. It's gross I mean, wow, really talk. It was pretty funny for now that he's okay. It's funny He will be in town soon and I'm excited to show him the house will be ready by then Oh, for sure right now Tristan and I are so happy. Of course. He's my best friend We have so much fun together and he's trying so hard going to therapy doing all of these things And I think that's really what I'm most proud of I'm so excited for all these new chapters and all the new things happening. I'm excited for the move and then so Mama is good girl
中：「几乎裂开」有点夸张了。对，没那么夸张。我说「裂开」是因为那舌头上的针脚太恶心了，真的很恶心。我是说，哇，真的假的。现在他没事了，想想还挺好笑的。他很快会来城里，我超期待给他看房子，到时候应该装修好了。哦，那当然。现在我跟特里斯坦特别幸福，当然啦，他是我最好的朋友，我们在一起超开心。他非常努力，去做心理治疗，做了所有这些事。我觉得那才是让我最骄傲的。我对所有这些新篇章、所有的新鲜事都超兴奋。我很期待搬家，然后……妈妈是个好女孩。
Mom
中：妈妈。
What do you think mom? This is so nice. Thank you I feel bad cuz I missed my mom's birthday and I didn't get to see her brand new house Which I was actually really excited about because one of my secret passions in life is interior design and architecture So she killed it. She really did. I've just been working the whole time So it doesn't even feel like home yet, and I don't know where everything is Do you want the chef to make you a snack? I'm making it myself. It's got a chop up some cucumber
中：你觉得怎么样，妈妈？这太好了，谢谢。我觉得很遗憾，因为我错过了妈妈的生日，也没看到她的新房子。其实我特别期待看，因为我人生中一个秘密爱好就是室内设计和建筑。所以她真的做得太棒了，真的。我一直都在工作，所以这儿还没给我家的感觉，而且我也不知道东西都放在哪儿。要不要让厨师给你做点小点心？我自己来，我得切点黄瓜。
Go girl Be careful because I cut I nicked myself the other day. I don't know. I'm kind of scared. There you go Don't cucumbers have seeds. Oh Yeah, they they're definitely not a good cutter, so don't zoom in on me
中：加油，姑娘！小心点，我前几天就切到、割到自己了。我不知道，我有点怕。这就对了。黄瓜不是有籽的吗？哦，对。我绝对不是个好的切菜手，所以别特写我。
I'm not professional whatsoever
中：我一点都不专业。
Hey chef, do you want to cut this up for her? I'll do it mom if I
中：嘿，厨师，你能帮她把黄瓜切了吗？妈妈，我自己来，如果……
Someone's at the door
中：有人来了。
Hey How's it going? It's going well the house looks even better during the day. Hello
中：嘿！怎么样？挺好的。这房子白天看更好看。哈喽！
Hello Kendall's cutting cucumber. Nice. What are you making a cucumber snackerini? Yeah with hummus and pretzels. Give me hummus Hummus should we sit outside guys? So lovely out. Sure. Okay. Hey Kendall. What are you guys up to? Just hanging out at the house for the first time. No way really. Mm-hmm. Oh, it's incredible. It's so nice
中：哈喽！肯达尔在切黄瓜呢。不错。你在做什么，黄瓜小吃拼盘？对，配上鹰嘴豆泥和椒盐脆饼。给我来点鹰嘴豆泥。鹰嘴豆泥！我们要不要坐外面，各位？外面太舒服了。好啊。行。嘿，肯达尔，你们在干嘛？就是第一次在这房子里待着。不会吧，真的？嗯哼。哦，太不可思议了，真漂亮。
Let me see. Oh So cute my assistant has a jewelry line. She made it for me before she does
中：让我看看。哦，好可爱！我的助理有个珠宝品牌，她给我做的。她确实做这个。
What's going on for Thanksgiving did I get banned from that yet? Um, we're doing Thanksgiving in Palm Springs
中：感恩节什么安排？我被禁止参加了吗？嗯，我们打算在棕榈泉过感恩节。
You're invited. I just have to figure out where everybody's staying now There's no more room. Oh, really? Sometimes Scott can play a bit of a victim and I feel like that's what's happening here right now I just want everybody to be happy, but don't put me in the middle. I Wasn't here for the birthday dinner. What you guys all together?
中：你被邀请了。我现在只是得安排好大家住哪儿。没有更多房间了？哦，真的吗？有时候斯科特会扮演一点受害者的角色，我觉得他现在就是这样。我只是希望每个人都开心，但别把我夹在中间。我生日晚餐那天没在，你们全都聚在一起了？
Yeah, why didn't you invite me to your birthday? I didn't really invite anyone to my birthday
中：是啊，那你过生日为什么不邀请我？我生日其实谁都没正式邀请。
Empty she didn't even come Poor didn't even come nobody came
中：空荡荡的！她都没来！可怜！没人来！谁都没来！
Okay, I'm sorry. I mean I love you I've been helping you like throw your birthday party so that's ten years. I won't be chill But I party didn't court me. No Travis. No, no
中：好啦，对不起。我是说，我爱你，我一直都在帮你办生日派对，这都十年了。我没办法淡定。但那个派对没请我。没有特拉维斯？没有，没有。
Yeah, but literally that wasn't a birthday party though. That wasn't a party Never in a million years. We Kendall not invite me to a birthday dinner. She didn't have a birthday dinner What do you had a birthday party at a club? Oh, so I wasn't invited to that either that I had a birthday dinner, mom
中：是啊，但说真的，那根本不是生日派对，那不是派对。绝对不可能。肯达尔没邀请我参加生日晚餐。她根本没办生日晚餐。什么？你在俱乐部办了生日派对？哦，所以我也没被邀请去那个？不，妈妈，我办的是生日晚餐。
Where was the birthday dinner? You weren't there at my house. That was the birthday dinner So why wasn't I invited to that?
中：生日晚餐在哪儿办的？你没来，在我家办的，那就是生日晚餐。那为什么我没被邀请？
We've already went over this Scott. I Talked to you about it. It was actually all my friends. It literally I do Oh, you just didn't want to know I wasn't going to invite family members period But you invited everybody but me just because court was gonna be there court. It was very intimate But like I don't understand why I should be left out I'm not saying you should that is not my business at the end of the day like
中：斯科特，这个我们已经聊过了。我跟你谈过这件事。那其实全是我的朋友，真的……我……哦，你就是不想听。我压根就没打算邀请任何家庭成员，就这么简单。但你把所有人都请了，就是没请我，就因为考特妮会去。考特妮……那是很私密的小聚会。但我不明白为什么我该被排除在外。我没说你该被排除，那说到底不是我的事。
Making Courtney uncomfortable is not part like that's not part of my business Like I'm so sorry that that makes you sad and I'm not ever trying to leave you out But what I'm saying is like by Courtney being comfortable by something like that That's not really when I've had a girlfriend. It's so different Scott You can't like take a second and be like, hey, I'm having a birthday I feel like it might be uncomfortable. No, you're right. I should have texted you But I've been the one to have that attitude about it the entire time So when the night is it even the night that they got engaged I was the one that was literally like all right, like what about Scott's feelings though? What's Scott gonna fit? Have I not true? How about you was the one who said and I heard that and then you don't invite me to your birthday? Courtney at the end of the day is my sister. I want her there This dinner was literally 15 people if it's an intimate dinner, and I'm not willing to have
中：让考特妮不自在不是……那不是我的事。我很抱歉这事让你难过，我也从没想把你排除在外。但我的意思是，让考特妮感到自在这种事……不是的。我交女朋友的时候完全不一样，斯科特。你就不能花一秒钟想一下，说「嘿，我要过生日了，我担心可能会尴尬」吗？不，你说得对，我本该给你发消息的。但从头到尾都是我一直有那种态度。所以当那晚——甚至他们订婚那晚——是我，是我说的「那斯科特的感受呢？斯科特怎么办？」我说过没有？真的吗？是你说的，我听到了。然后你过生日却不邀请我？考特妮说到底是我姐姐，我想让她在场。这顿晚餐真的就 15 个人，如果这是个私密晚餐，而我不愿意……
Thanks, I would never not invite you but Scott I'm saying sorry when I'm
中：谢了。我永远不会不邀请你的，但斯科特，我是在说对不起，当我……
My priority
中：我的优先事项。
Literally, I'm out. This is ridiculous. You won't let me speak Scott cuz you're talking over me
中：真的，我受够了。这太荒谬了。你不让我说话，斯科特，因为你一直在打断我。
Party or a birthday
中：派对还是生日。
Go please replay the videos I'm so over this shit Scott for real
中：走吧。求你了，去回放一下那些视频。我对这些破事烦透了，斯科特，真的。
Next on the Kardashians Nobody wants to deal with anything in this family. Listen, you immediately attacked me and I was like, oh, I don't like that Scott is never leaving Kanye is never leaving looks like you're never leaving more like you're never leaving me. Oh Okay
中：下集，《卡戴珊家族》。这个家里没人想处理任何事。听着，你上来就攻击我，我当时就想：「哦，我不喜欢这样。」斯科特永远不会离开，坎耶也永远不会离开。看起来你也永远不会离开。更像是你永远不会离开我。哦。好吧。
The results are on my phone log on to the portal if I don't pass the bar then this law school journey is over for me I think my heart is racing
中：成绩出来了，就在我手机里，登录系统就能看。如果我律师考没过，那我的法学院之路就到此为止了。我感觉我的心跳得好快。
Don't stop
中：别停下。
On
中：打开（成绩）。